what this group does is to take down various different websites it believes to be criminal and leading to terrorist acts .
over 1 , 600 a day have reached greece this month , a higher rate than last july when the crisis was already in full swing .
`` we ' re working through a legacy period , with legacy products that are 10 or 20 years old , '' he says .
' the first time anyone says you need help , i ' m on the defensive , but that ' s all that i know .
out of those who came last year , 69 per cent were men , 18 per cent were children and just 13 per cent were women .
he has not played for tottenham ' s first team since and it is now nearly two years since he completed a full premier league match for the club .
so you have this man who seems to represent this way to live and how to be a good citizen of the world .
cnn : you made that promise , but it wasn ' t until 45 years later that you acted on it .
this is a part of the population that is notorious for its lack of interest in actually showing up when the political process takes place .
they picked him off three times and kept him out of the end zone in a 22 - 6 victory at arizona in 2013 .
the treatment was going to cost £ 12 , 000 , but it was worth it for the chance to be a mum .
but if black political power is so important , why hasn ' t it made more of a difference in the lives of poor black people in baltimore such as gray ?
local media reported the group were not looking to hurt anybody , but they would not rule out violence if police tried to remove them .
the idea was that couples got six months ' leave per child with each parent entitled to half the days each .
the 55 to 43 vote was largely split down party lines and fell short of the 60 votes needed for the bill to advance .
taiwan ' s defence ministry said it was `` aware of the information , '' and declined further immediate comment , reuters reported .
i ' m racing against a guy who i lost a medal to - but am i ever going to get that medal back ?
others pushed back their trips , meaning flights early this week are likely to be even more packed than usual .
`` in theory there ' s a lot to like , '' clinton said , `` but ' in theory ' isn ' t enough .
if he makes it to the next election he ' ll lose , but the other three would have lost just as much .
they have to send the form back , they do not get the option of 25 meetings with 17 ministers to decide what their rate of tax is .
most candidates who have tried that , however , have ended up failing , as former vermont gov . howard dean found out .
i read the book , understood it , loved it and talked about it in depth to lots of journalists immediately afterwards .
even the most forward - thinking among us might be surprised , after stopping to add it up , about just what is going on inside our own homes .
rock went to a movie theater and asked `` regular people , '' all of whom appeared to be black , what their favorite film was that year .
he told the mail : `` i know how much pressure it puts on them to be put under suspicion of a serious crime .
he was the third of four managers sent in to cut costs and deal with the city ' s $ 13 million deficit .
he ' s passed all the tests so far , so it ' s all looking good for him to get some game time next week .
michael bloomberg , the billionaire former mayor of new york city , has told his aides to draw up plans for an independent campaign for the u . s . presidency , the new york times reported on saturday .
only because we would take a very different approach when playing melbourne city which has a lot to do with my belief in winning football matches and the players i have in my team .
asked about a june date , ms sturgeon said : ' i think it would be a mistake for david cameron , i had the foreign secretary in here last week and said as much to him directly .
the children at these camps are usually aged between seven and 15 , and their parents are told that they will not be sent to the front line .
south korea ' s met agency considered it ' highly likely ' that the 5 . 1 magnitude earthquake was caused by nuclear testing .
he will never step off the plane and receive a hero ' s welcome in brazil because he ran from the country of brazil .
the poll also asks gop primary voters if there is any candidate they just couldn ' t support against the democrat in november .
the irish football association received over 50 , 000 ticket applications for northern ireland ' s matches at the tournament .
how many people on the estate does he think will be affected by the new pay - to - stay policy ?
u . s . stocks rose thursday as the price of oil climbed for the third day in a row as investors hope for cuts in production .
the force ' s civilian watchdog was also warned that the police and partner authorities had yet to draw up a consistent list of vulnerable sites , according to the private paper , seen by the press association .
so , i felt like i could hold onto her a little bit , but you can ' t make it right .
and , while boston is a city that ' s relatively easy to reach , from may things will get even easier and a little more affordable .
as the day sort of went on and i decided to play , i started to focus a little bit better .
my feeling is it is going to take a couple of weeks or so before we start to see proper re - engagement .
if donald trump wins the republican nomination , there will once again be no opposition to an ever - expanding government .
he explained : `` we had a few players who started against man united and arsenal who were injured a few weeks ago so we also have to think about whether it makes sense and whether it is too dangerous to start them again .
last year , the world ' s airlines carried a record 3 . 6 billion passengers on 34 million flights .
it ' s all in god ' s hands , and there ' s a reason for all of this and instead of letting it hurt us , we ' re going to try to do something good .
i ' m not saying that what he did was right , but it ' s before court , he ' s been charged months ago , and it ' s not fair to be putting online all this information about his family .
`` my thoughts are with the officer and the officer ' s family and all the hospital staff who have been involved in this incident , '' she said .
we haven ' t played against each other before , but i ' m sure we ' ll be playing many times .
we normally have a piece in our match preparation where the players see how to beat the opponent , how to cause them problems .
i saw her running down the street yesterday and i gave her help , but to lose your daughter like that is just tragic .
`` let me be clear : we fully accept our responsibility to bring down emissions , '' he said in brussels .
after leading the united states for seven years , president obama on tuesday night will deliver his final state of the union address -- perhaps his last great opportunity to command the nation ' s attention .
my relationship with my children was seriously affected as they were told time and again that everything was my fault , they were even left ' in charge ' of me if my wife went out of the house .
that made it really challenging but , when you have a good team and good guys , it ' s amazing how you can figure out a way to do it .
the study claims that the mean summer temperatures across europe `` appear to reflect the influence of external forcing during periods , '' or , to put it another way , are the result of man - made climate change .
she has now launched an appeal on social media in a bid to find the person responsible for the incident .
the company says building in china allows them to use existing plants and begin selling the car in the us by the summer .
i also think , i really liked the idea of being able to give something to the fans that they were wanting .
i have no idea who lives there , whose car or clothes it is or what the circumstances are - i just thought it was something funny to see .
over a year later -- and still not openly talking about his breast cancer -- a close friend called and told him to turn on the television .
they were cross when we said we ' d painted it , and two days later they sent someone along to paint it back red .
all we know is that the police at the scene perceived that it was mostly young men aged 18 to 35 from the arab or north african region .
i realised there was a very large community who were being asked that question and didn ' t know how to answer it .
the biggest months for adding and dropping credit cards are december and january , so now ' s the time to make sure that $ 95 annual fee is really worth it .
but they ' re going to monitor her developing baby to see if the baby has been affected and once that baby is born they ' ll do hearing tests , vision tests to see if the baby was damaged .
any syrian man or woman would tell you that there is no need for anyone to come to our country to risk their lives to fight or support the fighting .
`` we ' re going to have to continue to balance our needs for security with people ' s legitimate concerns about privacy , '' he said .
`` it would be easy for me to play the victim , but i don ' t feel i should , '' he said .
a combination of rising house prices , decent economic growth in the uk , cheap money market funding and the bank of england not forecast to raise rates for some time , has put mortgage deals in a sweet spot .
the normally reliable retailer also cited a lack of stock and increased online competition as reasons for full - price sales falling 0 . 5 per cent across its stores in the 60 days to december 24 .
we want documents and evidence to be examined in order that steps can be taken to prevent anything like this happening again .
despite all this , san diego has proven that it ' s a region that supports its major - league teams .
`` it should be treated exactly like raw meat - don ' t look at an egg any different way , '' he said .
those public works projects show how vulnerable l . a . could be in the next major storm , he said .
gold coast haven ' t had much to celebrate in this short five year history , winning only 28 games with percentage of games won at only 25 .
when you live so closely with other people , calling them by their government - issued names just won ' t do .
the 33 - year - old man was arrested for the murder of his father and is being held on $ 1 , 000 , 000 bail , according to officials .
the question of whether she received emails with classified information has nothing to do with any action taken by secretary clinton , '' she said .
there ' s always another drought coming down the pipeline , whether it ' s two years from now , or this one continues into next year .
it ' s been their game and that ' s fine , they ' re not to blame for that , it ' s just the way the world was .
i came from the immigrant background , and with all the problems we ' ve got now with immigration and refugees , we ' ve got to look at ways to help each other out .
he took the team back into the champions league in his first campaign but has been heavily criticised this season for both united ' s style of play and results .
let ' s take a look at where they are today and what happened to some of the most popular guest stars too .
in his post that began ' thank you for your review ' , he defended his staff and described how police had to be called after the wedding guests got drunk and refused to leave .
she made them promise not to tell me , that whatever she said about me should be a secret between them .
the prospect of super - intelligence capable of threatening human life still appears to be decades away , if it happens at all .
australia hosted the first day - night test , using a pink ball , against new zealand in adelaide in november and are keen to further develop the idea .
the effort died in the senate after republicans successfully cast the proposal as a `` cap - and - tax `` that would cost jobs .
although we left a few tries out there , it is good to start the new year with a win .
`` he ' s a talented , young coach that has proven himself on the college level as well as in the nfl , '' fisher said in a statement on the rams `` website .
his victim , who is called tony , fell to the ground before he was repeatedly kicked in the head and body .
he moved from philadelphia to los angeles for one more shot at the stanley cup , and he ' s already playing a major role in the kings ' pursuit with a string of power - play goals .
`` this was an act of murder that took place in the streets of london and it was state - sponsored , '' she said .
a further 700 people were given a good behaviour bond without a conviction recorded , while just four cases resulted in a not guilty verdict .
in 2005 , when ground was broken to turn that storage spot into a park , the house was moved again to a city storage yard .
we have people going to court , we have people going for medical treatment , and you can ' t leave them locked down 24 hours a day .
i am going to have to get better at this , '' because if i want to go and engage in the next part of being a manager i am going to have to engage with bigger groups and prepare right .
the party appears to have had less success trying to attract elderly voters since the election - a key target group if the party is to win in 2020 , according to the report .
some machines were pulling in as much as $ 2000 a week in quarters in the us during the peak of the game ' s popularity .
in women ' s tennis there is not even one player who can get closer than 6 - 1 6 - 2 .
later , he was driving to his mother ' s home when he came across a stretch of k - beach road that was damaged in the quake .
and whatever heat he ' s faced , it ' s nothing compared to what the people of flint are going through .
all of the staff don ' t get to work with each other again , we don ' t know where we ' re working , we don ' t know if we can still do our normal shift .
yet authorities recently announced plans to tear the neighborhood down by mid - 2016 to make way for a `` green space `` and an office park .
`` maybe i ' m a little bit not as good as he is in that way , '' trump said .
`` it ' s also interesting to hear the perspective from my children as adults when they talk about it , '' she said .
they can grant supposed `` police bail , '' so allowing them to keep their chosen victims under suspicion for years .
in other words , there is a place for everyone and an environment where girls and boys can be themselves .
the pm gives his opinion on `` brexit `` and if he believes great britain should leave the european union .
`` if europe is not capable of protecting its own borders , it ' s the very idea of europe that will be questioned , '' he said .
`` we hope this can be used as one of the tools to identify children at risk , '' he said .
in addition to the 31 suspects , the arrest of two men from north africa was announced on friday morning in connection to the attacks .
facebook had already banned the sale of guns without identity checks , but the new rules aim to stop all gun trade between individuals on the sites .
earlier in the week , david cameron , had talked up the prospect of reaching a deal with the rest of the eu by the next leaders `` summit on 18 february , with a view to holding the promised referendum in june or july .
authorities said an adult male suspect was killed and another suffered non - life threatening injuries when shots were fired .
of the 56 percent of republican voters who think trump would be a good or great president , a substantial minority of them ( 17 percent of republican registered voters overall ) say they think trump is not religious .
`` you should be able to get a drone that can effectively follow you , not run into things , and find things on its own , '' he says .
he says : ' she wasn ' t the type of girl you come across many times in your lifetime - maybe never .
city finished 20 points ahead of brisbane on the league table , scored 22 more goals and conceded 13 less .
we are a consumer driven economy , and we still have a decent set of factors , like income growth , consumer confidence and jobs .
one of the reasons that i ' ll win and , i think , none of the other guys will win is because i ' m going to get states that they ' ll never get .
it doesn ' t sit with my understanding of how he views the world , so , yes , i was surprised .
i ' m going to be playing out my career elsewhere which it took me a couple of days to get over .
i am going to focus on my health and fighting this battle with a return to football as my ultimate goal .
they say they had always intended to return , but police claim they were worried about facing the death penalty in china .
the president has already begun to recall his administration ' s handling of the financial crisis , pointing to the recovery of the u . s . auto industry in his weekly address to the nation on saturday .
the u . s . online search firm , which has faced severe criticism of its uk financial arrangements , said the payment will cover back taxes from 2005 to 2015 .
i ' m not sure he ' s going to get a bigger club than liverpool , so why leave ?
that ' s why he ' s taken it on himself to monitor every pregnancy in the village , especially those of women who are disabled , encouraging them to eat a healthy diet with plenty of green vegetables .
obama , then 28 , is a summer law associate who wants to take robinson , his adviser and a working attorney , out on a date .
as well as suggesting people limit the amount they drink in one session , there is also advice for people to help cut the immediate risks - such as drinking more slowly .
the most important thing for us is that we have everyone buy into everything we ' re trying to do .
the tax office will sit down again with unions on monday to try to pick up the pieces after the 85 to 15 per cent defeat of its wage proposal .
' i ' ve never felt like a full man but now i ' m ready for my life to start and i ' ve never felt so confident .
my friends are going out and hanging out , well i guess it ' s different in my way because i ' m getting to go out and travel with the ufc and fight .
2 alabama on monday night , hoping to finish off a goal set down as the ultimate target long ago .
the wife and former partner of a man injured in a bus accident started a fight in front of the hospital when they both came to visit him at the same time .
i know all the guys over there compete every shift , and i wouldn ' t expect anything different when i play with them as well .
jane lane , a republican on the state executive committee , predicted that second place in the primary could only require 12 % or 13 % support .
he said to me that he was in trouble and that he had to sell some cocaine or crack ... otherwise he was going to be killed .
on our own : california has no use for the rest of america , according to one candidate running for state assembly .
`` he ' s lifted the place a bit and also tried to implement some of his own ideas into the team in the week , '' williams added .
women in this country expect to see men and women working together on equal terms , that ' s what the labour party believes in and we can ' t have an all - male leadership again .
a second victim , a four - year - old boy , was forced to watch as one of them committed sex acts and others watched from a hotel room .
i am not here to think about what happens with a player in the future , we have to work in this moment together with daniel on his fitness .
it sounds simple , but in taiwan , to fight for the well - being of people is relatively new .
any piece of information could be useful , so i would ask that if you were in the area at the time , that you tell police what you saw .
`` how do we make sure that the eu , which we joined for the single market benefits and the benefits to business , continues to work for them and , indeed , work better for them , '' she said .
it ' s one thing to be like a very tough guy -- we ' re all tough people -- but you ' ve got to be able to get along a little bit with people .
`` we had a couple of losses , but a win in the rose bowl is the best way you can go out , '' he said .
when i was 6 - 11 , the doctors said you ' re done , then i got to 7 - 2 , 7 - 3 .
where we become aware of any accounts that may be negative , we immediately contact companies such as instagram , although we have no control over what they allow on their sites .
but it ' s devastating for u . s . oil producers - and for the millions of businesses and workers tied to the oil industry .
a leaked document submitted to ministers suggests this could leave twice as many homes at `` significant risk `` within 20 years , the paper adds .
ohio state ( 11 - 1 ) was the defending national champion and spent the season ' s first 10 weeks at no .
egypt ' s interior ministry has said the attack was directed at security forces and was carried out by a member of a group of people who had gathered near the hotel and fired bird shot .
here are some of the top winners for you to enjoy at home , and look to add on the lunch menu at your local school .
the man who i see every ten days , he works in central london , so we go out there and go to the v & a museum and things like that , more cultural things .
if you ' re thinking of a future investment , you ' ll need to make a decision fast as there ' s a six - year waiting list .
`` it ' s obviously a big - time positive for us to have these two young guys playing as well as they have the last week or so , '' scott said saturday .
`` now we need to hear your voice to everyone who is coming to this conference , and saying this conference must be an opportunity not to be missed , '' he said .
the involvement of a major club , the fox sports coverage , increasing media and the general growth of the game will mean that a lot more players will want to come out here and play .
in recent decades , iran has been at odds with many leading countries around the world -- including the united states -- in part due to its nuclear program .
you play big games , you play in moments where everything ' s on the line , one team has to lose .
he felt secure in this home , with parents who never argued : they had that perfect love he has sought ever since .
a second band of heavy rain is forecast for friday , according to the met office , with warnings already in place for parts of scotland , northern ireland , north - east england and wales .
if i can reach out to anybody who is going through the same thing , then that would be amazing .
the ' out of africa ' theory holds that the main migration from africa occurred around 65 , 000 years ago .
those aren ' t new recommendations ; several other health groups also have long urged depression screening , although there ' s no data on how often it ' s done .
2 label group in terms of market share , with 8 % of u . s . recorded music sales that year .
when georgia was born in june 2011 , doctors noticed her head was slightly larger than normal and immediately took her for tests .
she now says she is facing a ' battle for survival ' and is looking to raise more than £ 60 , 000 for specialist treatment in washington dc .
in a press conference this week he told reporters : `` i want to work in england , '' but stressed he had no agreement in place yet .
`` the broader index is dominated by banks and resources , which we know are in a low earnings growth environment , '' he said .
i come out here tonight and i can see your faces , and i look into your eyes and i see so much love and it gives me strength .
he is widely considered one of the top prospects for the 2016 nfl draft , if he leaves school early .
he ' s worked extremely hard , both in miami and in l . a . it was never a weight issue , in the classic sense .
she ' s clearly stayed pretty calm , had some excellent wins here against very tough opponents , high - ranked opponents , and experienced ones .
the man quickly follows a few steps behind her , moving closer when she stops to take a closer look at the food .
our members have been extremely patient ; they have waited for more than three and half years for promised talks on improving work - life balance .
their squad for the five - match series , which begins on tuesday in perth , has seen a third of the squad from last year ' s world cup shed .
`` some people will pay attention to this and realize they are at risk for something , others are obviously going to ignore it , '' he said .
`` when you look at the money side of things as an english player , it ' s not quite as good as you think it is , '' he said .
you know when you ' ve got that little bit of hope and that little bit of faith , and then they didn ' t .
`` december and january are not normally busy months for us - it was fairly striking the change in activity , '' he said .
we are sad and in shock , a member of our crew , of our tennis family , passed away last night in a hotel here in melbourne .
we will have crews out in the next couple of days and if the river levels rise then we could issue warnings .
these statistics were from around 2006 to 2008 , and i believe that since then the success rates have improved .
in the case of isis , the media strategy has helped to kill about 10 , 000 people according to human rights agencies .
it won ' t be long before she can join the rest of her class at her local secondary school .
and women younger than 65 years old are more than twice as likely to die from a heart attack than men of the same age .
but i learned from my mom and my faith that it is not whether you get knocked down it is whether you get back up .
health authorities are suggesting that women in any stage of pregnancy , or who think they might be pregnant , should re - consider their travel plans .
i don ' t feel like we have a lock on anything , i just want to give these guys an opportunity to build on this , it ' s a significant day .
a 44 - year - old woman was arrested for allegedly helping the three inmates who escaped a maximum security prison in california , according to the orange county sheriff ' s department .
he ' s always been a great defender but now he seems to be able to defend and hurt you at the same time .
the press has been doing that to her since 2008 when she was announced as the gop ' s vice presidential nominee .
what i heard over and over again was that it made them feel that they weren ' t crazy any more .
almost half of those doing so in 2014 / 15 were european , with 36 % from central and eastern europe and 10 % from other eu countries .
the teenager has been taken to hospital for treatment , but his injuries are not thought to be life - threatening .
i can only imagine what it must have been like to discuss this , but you were once again a hero at this most challenging time of your life .
it ' s time they face up to the fact that the only world leader supporting a british exit from the eu is vladimir putin .
clinton has since hit her rival over his views , telling cnn thursday that , `` i don ' t really understand what he means by that .
she and her team develop new technology ideas , from smart - home technology to the future of mobile phones .
the us has sent dozens of special forces soldiers to help rebels fighting is in syria , although the troops are not intended for front line combat .
i ' ve not found any evidence that backs up the 10 , 000 - steps figure - and it seems common sense that some people will need to move more than others .
you don ' t need to supply your real name , but please do leave contact details if you ' re happy for us to get in touch .
well , the syrian government were the first to put together a team and commit to attending - on their terms , of course .
since his loss in the 2012 presidential campaign , ryan traveled the country studying the issue before releasing an anti - poverty plan in 2014 .
unlike famous barriers such as the berlin wall or the great wall of china , the us version is not much of a wall .
if he can get agreement from the 27 other eu nations at the next european council summit on 18 and 19 february , he is widely expected to hold a referendum in june .
but if there is a delay for whatever reason it delays us in our duties which could have an impact on people ' s lives .
and as long as that continues , which it should , then that ' s 30 - 35 minutes that you might give to a young player that you can ' t .
while the detailed report won ' t be available until april , the team has revealed the `` top - level `` findings from the study .
as always , we keep congress informed about issues related to iran sanctions , and will continue to do so as we work through remaining issues .
it ' s not good enough , it needs more work , but we are making progress , '' he said .
even now i think : what is the point of this safety and security and the education and the opportunities that i have , if i ' m not there with my sister , to hold her hand and be with her ?
people across the globe sent a strong signal to those in power : it is time to tackle grand corruption .
in recent weeks , he ' s been particularly aggressive in going after clinton , the democratic presidential front - runner , and her record leading the state department .
`` this is the best way to decide something that ' s so important but so personal , '' he said .
' i decided that i could help because i can ' t bear to see people struggle when they don ' t have to , ' he says .
i certainly would rather be here , even though it ' s without him , than have my old life if that meant never having him at all .
a centre - right coalition won the most votes in october ' s election but lost its overall majority in november to be replaced by an alliance of left - wing parties which rejected its programme in parliament .
we ' re just going to go play football and do the things that we know how to do and try to do them really well regardless of what the conditions are .
the terrorist may be defeated in 50 or 20 or 10 years , but money is going to be much harder to defeat .
the need to tackle low pay is stronger than ever and i ' m confident that the new commission will help build even greater buy - in to the living wage across the country .
the company is still working on the project and it doesn ' t have a set release date , according to the report .
`` i am not interested in ideas that sound good on paper but will never make it in the real world , '' clinton said .
we ' ve been monitoring them in the four years since [ the study was done ] at every festival .
for cruz , however , the poll is down a bit from where he stood in most december and early january polling .
he ' d thought a lot about the long - term effect of the shooting on the center ' s employees , he said .
there ' s a few small players in there , but they definitely use what they ' ve got to their full advantage .
`` there ' s a lot of listening that happened from the white house ' s perspective , they want to know what these cities are doing , '' she said .
and i understand i took too long on the shot and i was given a warning , which is exactly what would have happened in the states .
the figure represents the disney film studio ' s biggest opening day in china and the highest saturday opening day in the country in industry history , the company said .
and i think that ' s what upset me more than anything else , was the fact that he didn ' t believe me and it still happened to other girls after me .
i respect the women i write pop songs for , because they work hard in a way i could never do .
once this man has gone away we did not get the right help from our friends and allies from the west and britain .
she added : `` it hasn ' t hit us yet that joe is gone ... he grabbed hold of life and absolutely lived it .
`` we saw the cable lines and we thought we were going to hit them , but we went right over them , '' she said .
on the other hand , it ' s not as though we have been short of good role - models .
we are also keen to hear from anyone else who may have information which may assist but who have not felt able to come forward before .
a metropolitan police spokesman said the force had no record of any action being taken regarding the incident , while the city of london police said it had happened outside its area .
`` the stuff that ' s being built now is all beyond the reach of even middle - income people , '' he said .
`` one thing that dad always told me was pitch the ball up and try to swing the ball , and that stuck me and it ' s actually become my biggest weapon , yet , '' he said .
new york city police are looking for a group of men who raped a woman who was walking inside a park with her father .
he asked about another liberal democrat from vermont who ran for president , howard dean , who once said that gun control issues should be left to the states and not part of the democratic agenda .
still , there ' s a problem , according to new research that was first reported on by the washington post .
we ' re all good friends off the field but once we cross that line it ' s on for young and old - as it should be !
it is believed , however , that the same attack managed to shut down the house of commons computer system for almost a day in 2006 .
i want to come back as a chelsea supporter in years to come with my kids and see the team doing great .
you can mention how they leave , but you can also mention how they come to the stadium to watch this fa cup match .
it comes as cities around the world are on high alert for a terror attack on new year ' s eve .
if i were in charge of that , it would be a short - term job ... but it would be -- it would be really great to have someone who knows energy and is pro - responsible development to be in charge .
another allows people to request that a judge order weapons be taken away from relatives who are believed to pose a threat .
meanwhile , an online fundraising page apparently set up in memory of mr young has been removed after his family reportedly said they had no knowledge of it .
seven of the 10 australian men made a match in the two special episodes , and several couples are still dating .
elizabeth explains that to her , he seems to have thought about his clothes just enough - but not so much that he looks like he is trying too hard .
they ' re a brilliant design company working to create a lifestyle and that ' s the way i see us .
there ' s going to be some players outside that process that we ' ll look at , obviously players in the international market as well as players in the domestic market .
it ' s pretty unique and i ' ve heard a lot about it over time , great things about the city in singapore .
one person was killed in an explosion at the city ' s second airport , on the asian side , shortly before christmas .
it ' s not an ideal for situation for my husband and i , and our family and friends , who are all feeling for us during this process .
and good on you for constantly trying to bring up drama on on here and first day back you just couldn ' t help yourself .
over 14 million new private sector jobs have been created , setting a record 70 straight months of jobs growth .
`` i don ' t believe that there ' s a team in scotland who would not turn out to support local communities if asked , '' he said .
the former reality tv star ' s brother , michael , was found dead in early december , days after he went missing .
my friends try so hard to get it , but they can ' t really understand what i ' m going through .
but also , people are far less likely to act in an anti - social manner when there are plenty of police there .
until now , many americans with pre - existing conditions had to pay sky - high prices for insurance , if they could get any at all .
the city always had a bit of trouble , but it was usually among people who were drunk and knew each other .
we do not believe any of the series of official statements starting from march 24 , 2014 , up to and including that of september 3 , 2015 .
' you always tell this story , ' she said , before mike added her training led the horse to victory .
it made me realise that , throughout history , there have been a lot of people behind the scenes who are 50 % of the action but are then forgotten .
`` i ' ve realised the game of cricket is in my blood , '' said 34 - year - old clarke .
he was playing on one leg , he ' s barely played a match all year , and still he got close .
it has only once reached the world cup finals in its history , in japan and south korea in 2002 , although it has twice finished runner - up in the asian cup .
if you can ' t do that , he adds , remember the golden rule : don ' t put your hands near your eyes or nose .
one of a chief executive ' s most important roles is communication , which often means public speaking to very large groups .
the sisters say they are in touch with women in new jersey and washington state who may be interested in joining up .
perry left canberra united four years ago after the w - league club asked for her total commitment to football .
not all locals are against the proposal and one resident has offered their property as a potential site for the facility .
donald trump says some good things that i agree with , but whether he believes them or not , i don ' t know .
he gives an explanation of why he is there - it is perhaps a bit thin but in my view that alone is not enough for me to say that this is part of a course of conduct .
about three - quarters of people will experience lower back pain at some point , and those with chronic pain lasting more than three months have higher rates of depression , anxiety and sleep problems .
do you really feel that we , the country ' s junior doctors , deserve to be attacked - with your permission - by the full force of the government ' s spin machine ?
the same `` reporting person `` created yet another fake email account and responded to wright acting as a tour guide .
`` but i love singing like him , i love doing all that ; i have , ever since i was a little girl , '' she says .
with rates essentially at zero in the industrial countries , however , this option is no longer available , and foreign economic problems are likely to have much more of a direct effect on economic performance .
obama ' s address won ' t be about his crime agenda or other specific policies , according to white house officials .
whether it ' s your mood , energy or sleep that could do with a boost , a little light therapy might be able to help .
the developer was the real front end as they decided how much was going to be spent and what the return should be .
from there , we ' re headed to south korea for a look at how the republic has found a way to broadcast messages across the border .
the un says the number of displaced people worldwide jumped to nearly 60 million last year , much of that increase due to the conflict in syria .
you may not realise that you ' re getting it - but it ' s a vital boost to your savings .
there ' s nothing wrong with standing up for your rights and what you feel is important , but i think now it ' s a little bit too much .
the draw will be broadcast live on youtube at 8 : 30pm and you can follow all the coverage here .
i was scared that if someone showed up with a knife i could be raped in the middle of the street .
a 28 - year - old afghan allegedly sexually abused a 58 - year - old woman in the early hours of january 1 , police said .
they all tell you they want to get to the information out there ... but you ' ve got to put them in a corner to get it .
but nobody makes anybody write tweets , so the negative response that one gets is ... basically , in a way you deserve it .
if we break things down and tackle them one day at a time we might - just maybe - taste victory .
a spokesman for the metropolitan police said the force was ' aware ' of the tweets , but were unable to comment further .
several lawmakers have already announced their guests for tuesday , with many house democrats bringing relatives of victims of gun violence .
we want to bring more through the set - up , that is our priority , and it is something that is happening again .
in a 2014 interview with national public radio , stanley said the successful treatment of his son ' s illness inspired him to do more for others who suffer .
you see at night i used to do it like this so that i ' ll be visible anywhere where i go ... i can go very far -- it is like a car .
he is a prize - winning brazilian - american well known in the performing arts , who is a resident of new york city .
this is further evidence that as part of the eu the uk does not have control over migration or asylum policy .
`` he thinks he is god ' s gift and has a very high opinion of himself , '' she complained .
police investigating the murder of a swedish social worker stabbed to death at a child migrant centre have today admitted they have no idea who her alleged killer really is .
scotland is currently one of only six countries in europe which expects children to start school aged four or five .
the hate in this world is too thick so i ' ll be the bigger person and only spread love back .
although universities and government have long acknowledged the financial value of these students , they fail to recognise their potential as future friends and partners of australia .
a wall street journal article from december said that people who knew the couple described them as quiet , religious people who didn ' t appear suspicious .
' we were told the ambulance would take a long time so we called one of the guys a taxi and he said he ' d go to hospital the next day .
it was just straight , kick - me - in - the - face rock and roll and that ' s what i love .
if beijing were to cut off the aid , however , this policy would be too successful for its own good .
i stay pretty focused as i think we all should on what we have to do to build on the progress of the obama administration but go even further , '' she said .
trump also only briefly addressed obama ' s gun reform plans , including using executive order to expand background checks .
i ' ve thought quite a bit about how youth sports has changed since i have two girls , ages 8 and 9 1 / 2 , who both play a variety of sports .
they used to be the only network which didn ' t increase bills mid - contract to account for inflation , but they do now , so how are they making things right ?
we also aim to ensure that the impact on victims is properly taken into account - robbery is not just about losing property .
prince harry speaks with first lady michelle obama during the first day of his visit to the united states , may 9 , 2013 , in washington .
we would like to thank everyone who has supported the air show for the last 26 years , particularly local volunteers and the surrounding community .
of course , our problem is that we are not able to predict when ; we can never give a date .
more than half of black children grow up in poverty and the majority of government schools do not play cricket .
the state of california rejected federal funding for a major portion of the bay bridge in order to go with a chinese company that offered the lowest bid .
the machine is usually working on dozens of problems at the same time in a kind of mix of jobs that are running on it .
by taking on full responsibility for squad construction , selection and results , though , he could have revealed himself as a test no 1 in waiting .
chancellor angela merkel ' s government is under increasing pressure over her open - door policy to asylum - seekers following the new year ' s eve attacks .
that ' s really encouraging and we need to take that confidence into this test series and make sure that we do deliver on those expectations we have of each other .
after two years and ten months , she was released on good behavior this past october , under the condition that she remain in texas .
the uk government has promised to hold an in - out referendum on britain ' s membership of the eu before 2018 .
`` we want to try and win every game we play and today was a perfect opportunity to set the game up for a good chase and for the fans that stayed out this afternoon , '' he said .
we want to be with others and we want to be online at the same time ; we don ' t want limits on either of them .
williams said after the match she believes her around - the - net shot was the first in her career dating back to her professional debut in september 1995 when she was 14 - years - old .
she revealed that being treated by student doctors and although her case was ' complicated ' , she decided to do it anyway .
a warrant was issued for jackson ' s arrest and he was taken into custody at his home in april 2015 before he posted a bail of $ 1 , 500 to get out of jail , according to his lawyer , cameron gray .
the video also includes recent footage of police shootings and violence against african americans in ferguson and baltimore -- and claims that this is what is in store for american muslims .
but two and a half years on from when the fans took over , things are beginning to get a lot better .
so it was two weeks of crazy fighting and trying to survive and being able to cook the food without passing out from being so tired .
but as soon as we got home and walked through the front door we ' d leave it outside and move on .
france has been on high alert since islamic state militants killed 130 people in shootings and suicide bombings in paris on november 13 .
but we ' re making progress but in those sorts of negotiations you ' ve got to be patient , you ' ve got to be tough and you ' ve got to wait for the right deal .
we are students and all we ever wanted to do is have the opportunity to show that we care for patients , and that is being taken away from us .
one - quarter forecast a rise of less than 2 per cent , and only 10 per cent expected no change .
she added that they should also follow recognised guidance regarding the control of risks to health and safety in practical science work .
if we can identify who roger is and better understand his background , we can ensure he ' s receiving the right care to meet his needs .
the leaked draft was published a day after it was announced the long - delayed final report would be published within six weeks .
and if the 90 per cent of americans who do support common - sense gun reforms join me , we will elect the leadership we deserve .
' i spoke to him and he told me that it was not my time and i should go back , ' she said .
and part of what happens is these guys - i think the longer they stay in office , the more likely that is to happen .
while the mexican border is only a couple of hours south of the prison , authorities said they had no evidence that the men had left the country .
the two sides , however , are currently engaged in an international peace push on the conflict in syria , although they support different sides in the civil war .
' we ' re not political people - we ' re just a traditional family who want the best for each other .
khan had now disappeared from the village , and local security forces including the intelligence agency and police were searching for him .
in order to provide some entertainment for the 15 , 000 people with tickets for sunday , a number of options are believed to be under consideration .
the 25 - year - old plays mainly on the right but can also operate up front and would pose the opposition a counter - attacking threat .
the driver slipped up when they declined the offer of a course and elected to challenge the case in court .
saturday he won 82 % of votes among local party activists at a pre - endorsement conference , making him the strong favorite to get the california democratic party ' s backing at its convention next month .
last night , mr cameron said : `` this government was elected to deliver security and opportunity , whatever stage of life you ' re at .
a dog owner who told a woman her jack russell was attacking her because it `` doesn ' t like muslims , '' is facing a possible jail sentence .
a graduate who started a clothing brand with just a £ 6 , 000 loan is turning over more than £ 250 , 000 a year later .
this is if they and their employer contribute 15 per cent of salary between them and their pension received 5 per cent annual investment returns .
he claims at least five fellow students at central threatened his life , and his family has hired an attorney and filed a complaint with the philadelphia police department .
while fox news may be the cable news ratings leader , that is only a relative victory : the network ' s most popular shows still average fewer than 3 million viewers each night , the vast majority of whom are over the age of 65 .
there must be room for alternative options , for what will always be a small minority , to be accepted , recognised and welcomed .
only one american had remained in egypt to fight the charges , but he also left after the court announced his conviction and the two year sentence .
i was asked if it was an `` issue `` book , designed to make children think - and the answer is no .
but the kids themselves , they told us over and over , ' we do want to keep a relationship with our parents .
but it took me to a point where i decided , ok , i got to stop and try to figure out and actually change my life around the tennis court .
the united states , russia , brazil , china and spain , as well as organisations representing airline pilots and aircraft manufacturers , voted in favour of the ban .
there have been people in my life who ' ve tried to set me up , and if a friend said : `` i know someone amazing , '' i would show up .
the vast majority have not taken the money and most still want to realise a steady income in retirement with their pension wealth .
the board presents itself in a tragic condition , all faith lost that it could work for the best of the projects .
the site said sports stadium will debut at the nfl ' s conference championship games and then the super bowl next month .
i ' d had it only a few weeks and had proof of purchase - it should have been a piece of cake .
golden state and san antonio make multiple appearances on the eight - game schedule - once against each other - and oklahoma city has games scheduled against both those western conference powers .
but before she joined the all - singing , all dancing cast she played a school principal in a drama of a very different kind .
`` there ' s people playing and he ' s asked them to leave because he wanted to use the courts , '' the member said .
to do the same today , a third - year teacher would have to be on a salary of about $ 250 , 000 .
the kremlin launched its airstrikes saying it wanted to help assad , its main middle east ally , defeat islamic state and other militant groups .
i don ' t think you can believe a word that xinhua says , '' she said in a phone interview , referring to the new china news agency .
we are showing that something can be done about rising rent prices ; our action could be the start of something much wider .
he has to be managed and it ' s up to us to manage him well so he ' s always fresh on the field .
to find it in 44 players suggests that it isn ' t a rare condition , just a condition that we didn ' t look for before .
the charge for this making a lot of money she ' s right but the charge is only $ 1 a month .
he told the programme that he knew immediately something was wrong , as his body felt like it was covered in concrete as he lay on the track .
she conducted her first survey of high school - age girls in 1995 , when tv was new , and in 1998 , when tv was more routine .
she has a few patterns that she likes , which was nice to finally play against her to kind of recognize those .
three - and - a - half years later , 10 , 000 of the city ' s residents would be dead .
he also says the water was provided until early summer , and then again in october after a public health emergency was declared .
despite the existence of 48 more games on the schedule , there ' s not much substance remaining in the lakers ' season .
it is a surprise that a man is on the run from round here and you read about your street and see it on television .
`` as i have said repeatedly , our borders are not open to illegal migration ; if you come here illegally , we will send you back consistent with our laws and values , '' he said .
the prime minister confirmed earlier this month that ministers would be able to campaign for either side in the referendum .
the things that i have seen , heard , and felt in that time have left me with new thoughts about life , death , and everything in between .
the company has expanded its sales and marketing team , adding eight new roles over the past year and a half .
kate : my children are some of my favorite people and i miss having time to talk and share my life with them .
he was interested in the personal challenge that getting back into elite shape posed and liked the idea of helping out some of the younger players at the club .
a person on youtube has decided to craft a tiny v - 8 engine , and they ' ve done so ... using paper .
`` i ' d prefer to have players who sometimes you have to control or tell them `` a little bit less `` than have to push them a bit , '' the dutch manager said of costa .
`` it ' s an isolated post and we had a lot of ambulance resources out there , '' he said .
`` i will give them a couple of days , an extra rest but you never know what shape they come back in , '' he said .
i have to do well this week , win some matches ... more confidence into the australian open would be a big thing for me .
because she was a small woman , i had to look down to her face as we spoke and her white dress was cut extremely low .
`` what today ' s announcement points to , '' she said , is that if you look hard enough , there are numerous victims .
i really enjoyed my time out there : it could have been the first round , any round in this tournament .
i always thought to myself - even from a young age - it isn ' t just about making your debut , it is about performing , scoring hundreds .
maybe you are already doing a good job , but are eager to perform at a higher level using some innovative ideas .
i would also like to wish you and kim a very happy and healthy delivery of your baby and i hope you experience an experience like no other because that ' s what happened to me .
when i ' m starting a book , i usually first come up with a character , and then the physical things that i want to draw .
`` a 12 - year - old boy came back in to his mother and said , `` isis took all the men and says they will kill them all .
the federal government called on the state to provide it with all necessary information before it decided whether to fund the project .
`` my husband would kill me if i didn ' t get a picture with you , '' she tells him .
the academy can only sort through what they ' re given and the industry isn ' t giving them much .
it looked like plenty , even though most of it went straight back out again and i ' m now hand to mouth .
so much of the talk has been about the science , rare for a movie of this big - budget kind .
there will be a moment if it ' s a risk if we can try , but it ' s not a moment for this yet .
nearly half of canada ' s immigrants live in toronto , for example , and 40 % of america ' s live in new york , los angeles , miami , chicago or san francisco .
but in the long run , he said , it could have a negative impact on students ' mental health , which will affect their academic performances and damage their chances of social growth .
as with every year since obama lost the house for his party in 2010 , the president is promising to go it alone .
he ' s been with us since may , but we wanted some privacy and time for him and our family to bond before telling the world , '' she wrote .
`` once the secretary has an opportunity to consider this information , he will make his decision about next steps , if any , in this matter , '' cook said .
after a surge in autumn , carson has fallen in the polls and struggled amid a renewed focus on foreign policy and national security in the primary in the wake of the paris terrorist attacks .
now , microsoft claims its latest app can solve the problem - by forcing you out of bed to complete an activity .
almost 6 - in - 10 say they see sanders as the more presidential candidate in the field , compared to 33 % for clinton .
as we covered in last night ' s blog , the us central bank has said it ' s watching the global economy and the markets closely .
the governor ' s spokesman dave murray said the water was for both employees and visitors to the building , which includes the department of health and human services , starting in january 2015 .
it was only when we were together that she could switch off and just hang out , leave the job behind .
there is a lot of pressure on us to do it in 90 minutes , especially when the opponent plays in a way that makes it difficult to score with 10 players behind the middle line .
it rejected a suit by a talent agency against one of its former stars for breaking her contract by dating a fan .
anderson cooper : some people who are going to see this story and think , `` this kid is being pushed by their parents .
the u . s . department of justice calling his capture a victory for the citizens of both mexico and the united states .
`` it ' s not so much about marriage , it ' s about equality , it ' s about the right to choose , '' white said .
in other words , although most pension funds will have lost some of the value of your savings , many will not have lost as much as the headlines suggest .
' we saw isis fighters when we left our houses , we saw their dead bodies in the streets , ' she told cnn .
it ' s just going to come down to our quality in certain areas and how we can break them down .
united are fifth in the premier league , five points behind fourth - placed tottenham and 10 off leaders leicester .
channel four will take over from the bbc with immediate effect and will show 10 races live - without commercial breaks - and screen extensive highlights of the remaining 11 races scheduled for this season .
police were deployed outside the central station because of the crowds on new year ' s eve , but failed to spot the many attacks on women , according to reports .
as the price of oil has dropped , it has become harder for companies to pay off this debt and harder to convince banks to extend new loans .
`` if it was a group of senior players who did not want to learn or work hard it would be a lot harder , '' he said .
it ' s true to say that every club is rich and , in a sense , ' equal ' now .
if you come up with too little dark matter , you can suggest another source , but having too much is a problem .
it seems sarah , who met husband james when she was 16 , isn ' t the only mother feeling this way .
the three main reasons people are referred to food banks are said to be 1 ) benefit delays , 2 ) low income , and 3 ) benefit changes .
with plenty of new personnel involved the championship is going to be incredibly challenging and the players selected will know they will need to be at their best to be competitive .
that ' s the stance being taken by the united states , with secretary of state john kerry reaching out to the saudi and iranian foreign ministers to try to calm tensions .
`` i think both of us will try to serve high percentage of first serves and not allow the other player attack the second serve too many times , '' he said .
we ' ve become friends over the years in the interim , and i knew that we ' d probably have a good time .
' so i hope this will help the many towns , villages and rural areas that we haven ' t heard about in the press .
he also urged mr corbyn to repeat the tactics he used in the labour leadership election last year and address crowds across the country .
`` it ' s a very british story , and i want my mother to be able to put the tv on and see it , '' he says .
canada bay , the river - side council area in the city ' s inner west , was the fastest growing part of the city in the five years to 2011 .
i can ' t say `` we `` and `` they `` because nobody will know what the hell i ' m talking about .
she ' s very interested in design and art so we ' ll probably need one with a more creative capacity .
in remote communities , a well run local pub could have a `` significant `` role to play in people ' s lives , he added .
and we want to give her a personality because we believe that we can advance her to a level where you ' re talking to a person .
it ' s all part of her drive to keep this music alive -- and what better way to do that than to bring the young and the old together ?
`` yes , yes , '' they ' ll say and things will change ... for maybe as long as two days .
you can make dramatic changes early on , but i ' m always interested in seeing what these people look like in year ' s time .
the increase in price over the year has driven it to 5 . 58 times the average full - time earnings of a male worker : its highest level since january 2008 .
the review recommended that workers be allowed to change employers and stay in the uk for up to two and a half years before returning home .
`` we want something to be done because this is an issue that ' s going to come back , '' reid said at a news conference .
google is acting within the law , which does not tax profits or sales in any one country but the value added in it , so it is the politicians who need to change the rules .
`` it really is something that men should make individual decisions about , taking account of their personal circumstances ( and ) personal risk , '' she said .
by that time , we should have spread out into space , and to other stars , so a disaster on earth would not mean the end of the human race .
`` i think once i ' m with my family , that ' s when it will probably hit me , '' he continued .
the england squad will gather for the first time under jones at a training camp after this weekend ' s games .
my goal was to stand up and to let people know that this is not an appropriate way for a presidential candidate to speak .
`` just because we have seven months of winter , doesn ' t mean you shouldn ' t go outside , '' he said .
that ' s associated with a band of rain that ' s moving to the north east today and in fact is already doing so .
last year it took place in early march , but this year ' s is slightly earlier , running from 22 - 25 february .
he now has closed out his last five wins with at least a share of the lead , and this was the third time in the last 13 months that he led by four shots or more .
my kids know they ' re loved if i ' m at home cooking dinner or on the road for a couple of weeks .
conservative activists said such subjects should be left to the parents , and suggested the school district could create a website that would assist them in that task .
on friday , the nba said boston ' s game at philadelphia , which had been scheduled for saturday night , would be played on sunday night instead .
this is a people ' s movement with a role for all of us to play ; let ' s get to work .
and i want to kind of let the other phase go away and then be completely present for the next one .
a woman is in a critical condition following an attack in south - east london on new year ' s day .
and we need voters who want safer gun laws and who are disappointed in leaders who stand in their way to remember come election time .
`` there has been a lot of talks about his second serve , '' djokovic continued , `` and i ' m sure he and his team are very much aware of that .
by focusing on giving goals instead of goods , children can see how they can save for the future , share with others and also spend money on things that really matter to them .
so if you ' re sleeping together but not really sleeping , don ' t be afraid to put everything on the table while you try to come up with a solution .
two rounds of talks held in switzerland in 2014 ended in spectacular failure after the two sides failed to agree even on an agenda .
it is often suggested that there is nothing that can be done to halt , or even slow , the advance of dementia .
he said he received a facebook message apparently from the woman saying they couldn ' t speak to each other any more because she didn ' t want to ' lose ' her boyfriend .
i was filming in new york last year and this guy came up to me and introduced his friend , who was blind .
with the rise of internet - connected devices since this study was conducted , that number is likely to be far higher .
president barack obama announced on thursday that $ 80 million in new funding would be available to michigan next week in order to help the state improve its water infrastructure .
but as jean points out with her eyes rolling , she didn ' t want to go on a cruise .
she had an attitude that i think a lot of people can learn from - to always stay positive and never give up .
he ' s a really good attacking full - back , very quick and i think there ' s big things expected of him .
you think ' i should have done something ' but of course if you didn ' t know , what could you do ?
apple is set to double its chinese stores to 40 this year , one of the reasons analysts think china will become the tech giant ' s biggest market as soon as 2017 .
he has been given a 20 - year sentence , the maximum for someone aged under 18 at the time of a crime .
there is a very big split in the country and in europe as to whether people are dead against helping refugees or for it .
in response , obama said , ' this notion of a conspiracy out there , and it gets wrapped up in concerns about the federal government , now there ' s a long history of that .
the impact on me was fear - any muslim would want to save themselves from hell , it ' s just how you go about it .
back in 2013 , as i sat in a city of london audience listening to mr cameron make his referendum announcement , i thought i was `` on the same page `` - as politicians say .
`` i ' d like to get him into to the canberra cup in march so we will sit down and discuss the next step , '' he said .
the city is offering hotel guests a $ 100 gift card just for visiting -- and you can spend it any way you like .
`` it ' s a very good question whether someone can love you without truly understanding you , '' she says .
we weren ' t too concerned when the six month mark passed , and even when the 12 month mark came and went , and i hadn ' t got pregnant .
i thought , `` i ' ve had a good run and if this is the way i go , bring it on .
we ' ve given ourselves and opportunity and hopefully saved our best for last and in two weeks go out beat a good football team .
well get with the programme , because there ' s already been hours of hot tennis action from the australian open .
he said the government simply couldn ' t , when mr palmer ' s company had refused to open up its books for proper scrutiny .
this funding will allow us to replace the existing school and provide first class facilities that can be used both by the school community during the day and the wider local community outside school hours .
`` after weeks of further negotiations , it is clear that the government is still not taking junior doctors `` concerns seriously .
clinton , meanwhile , presented herself as a champion for the nation ' s struggling middle class but one with a track record of success , even working with republicans to achieve her goals .
the deal would allow the uk to stop paying in - work benefits to new european migrant workers for a one - off period of up to four years , beginning after the referendum .
but i knew i wanted to be a rugby player as a kid at school and that i wanted to play for england - to be a part of it through good moments and bad .
mps said it was more cost - effective and in the best interests of refugees to provide support in the region .
`` i don ' t remember three years of it , '' perry , 46 , responded , when asked to name his least favorite episode of the show .
mr putin said he did not want to see a scenario like that in libya or iraq to be repeated in syria .
in iowa , sanders criticized the former secretary of state over a proposal to provide workers with three months of paid family and medical leave .
in theory , they should be able to quit their jobs and never have to work another day in their lives .
the baby ' s eyes were so large that she was born with them already open because her head had not formed properly .
this behaviour used to be exclusive to sports fans who would be unable to sit still while their teams were on the pitch .
it does make you wonder if people are feeling good when they exercise and people feel good when they have a drink , maybe they continue to seek out that experience .
i can ' t imagine at all what it ' s like to lose your children and the father of your children all in one hit .
hollywood must do `` much , much , much more `` to reflect the audiences who watch movies , the best actor nominee told the associated press on saturday .
for these ideas to work , they will no doubt need what one important motion calls for : a minimum of £ 200 per patient in budget terms , which would return general practice to the 11 % of the nhs budget that it used to receive .
but for me , it ' s an expression of our pain , and you can create something beautiful out of what makes you sad .
but while the city ' s planning committee accepted the proposal to build on the site , it also approved a rival application by the volunteers who have maintained the land for over 20 years to continue to use it as a public green space .
the number of students in the detroit public school system has fallen even more sharply , down by about 80 % compared with the 1970s .
`` if union members want a political fund they are perfectly free to contribute to one , so , this will not necessarily lead to a reduction in the funds available , '' she said .
local people have a right to know how significant pay and retirement deals are done , particularly where senior officers are re - employed .
instead , we have a regulatory set - up which believes that the problem is that not enough of us switch .
in some cases , such as a gun control dispute from washington , d . c . , texas had little or no direct interest .
it ' s a mistake because the thing is we actually have been in the top five or six in most of the recent polls .
and if that ' s all you want to do , it ' s a whole lot better than the original facebook .
one boss proved why it ' s important for employees to take sick days , after he helped save the life of his sales manager by telling him to go see a doctor .
he also discovered he could buy a return train ticket to berlin city centre , enjoy a free tour of a government building and eat lunch there and still save money .
after the discovery , she told of her relief her brother ' s body had been found almost two decades after he disappeared .
that evidence was delivered in closed court - reportedly in testimony and documents provided by agents from western intelligence services .
we all need to move on - the next five years should be dominated by a bright , liberal and green programme for scotland .
`` i asked her why she thought she needed a gun , '' fellow channel 40 news reporter rob smith explained .
`` i think there are many challenges within europe , but i think we need to take those on , '' she said .
she doesn ' t need me to tell her that the snp are at their most effective when they are dealing in the politics of conviction .
one parent posted she had already sent her child to school , before finding it wasn ' t going to open .
a preliminary report by the experts is expected to be published in august , although the debate will continue for years .
germany , sweden and denmark are warning that more must be done to stop migrants entering europe from turkey but that they hope to ease border restrictions as soon as possible .
maybe it was a mid - life crisis , but we just could not face the prospect of another 25 years doing the same .
the win in boston was particularly impressive as they begin to look as though they might not be condemned to the foot of the conference all season .
' i was on the same salary as were the other nine people from my company who worked full time for two years on the campaign , so you ' re talking about a big team of people .
once upon a time we might have been able to feel some pride in being australians ; now we can feel only shame .
it has been one thing after another ... will he ever stop and think about the damage he is doing to his children ?
you should have to earn runs and wins in test cricket and it is that which sits badly with me .
her family lived in a remote part of pakistan and struggled to find a medical unit to treat the little girl .
if i was not willing to do that , i don ' t think i would have started here one and a half years ago .
it has nothing to do with what you earn because the reality is that most of us spend everything that we earn .
and in fact , what is forecast is an amount of snow that we haven ' t had in washington in 90 years .
the support of andy , his fans and the wider tennis community will help us provide support for children who have lost so much .
it seems to me that you ' d want to take care of the people who are still here in some way .
a judge later ruled that the terms fell short of minimum sentences requiring them to serve about four more years .
the photograph was liked almost 2 , 500 times in a matter of days , and emma added : `` i did not expect to get such a huge response to the image .
`` as an organisation we are really excited about sharing the facts and the evidence about what ' s happening in sydney with people , '' she says .
it ' s the greatest scene that i ' ve ever gotten to take part in - it accounts for the change in hair .
one of the key factors was that the success rates for us , in terms of having a baby , were very low .
`` i still have to go to work and i don ' t want them [ her children ] missing out on their school , so what can i do ? '' she asked .
this is my first full season playing back after my knee and i ' m excited to play with some familiar faces .
' we also want them to investigate why this happened and how to make sure it doesn ' t happen again .
i hate the word normal , but normal like all the other kids - to be able to ride and get around .
with the last two years , being a couple of tough years on the ice , i thought it would be a good time .
since it was set up , the hand on the clock has moved 21 times , and each move represents how the scientists view the world ' s chances of survival in the face of these threats .
i ' d had a massive heart attack , and the doctors told me i ' d actually had an earlier one , which i didn ' t realise .
a person who has seen the report told the associated press on saturday night that the nfl commissioner sent 48 pages to team owners and cited a lack of longer - term solutions in plans to build new facilities .
`` it ' s not just donald trump -- it ' s also americans who have donated for it , '' she said .
an extra per cent here , 5 % overall can make a massive difference when you ' re talking about trying to win a tournament .
her history of staying in the background , however , has left her views and leadership skills something of a mystery even within the district , although she is respected and well liked .
but that ' s its normal price , and at this time of year i ' d guess most of us are looking for a wine we love at less than we ' d normally pay for it .
but it ' s not all work and no play as you are number two on the active social life list .
if we wanted to do [ fuel ] stops , you would have to start to plan that 36 hours in advance which you don ' t know in this case with the winds .
they were arrested a few days later in spain and spent several nights in prison away from their son before being released .
it thought to be the first case of its kind because both members of a couple were found to be victims of sexual harassment .
for many years the main ' out of africa ' migration is believed have been around 65 , 000 years ago .
and since this is the main reason they exist , you ' d think that they ' be prepared to have a debate with the president , ' he said .
but this time round , they felt more like debates the media was having with itself , rather than anything people were actually talking about .
some are questioning whether sending the photo - taken on his phone - is an offence equal to , if not worse than , the actual hong kong bar incident .
the two camps i visited were supposed to be the better ones , but they were still shocking places to live - so it ' s hard to imagine how difficult the conditions must be elsewhere .
a copy of the letter quickly spread on social media , with the jewish standard , a weekly new jersey newspaper , posting a copy of it on its twitter page .
' the owners knew that lift wasn ' t working properly but they allowed us to carry on using it .
he says he mostly keeps work out of his account , and was also already big on instagram before it started .
but throughout this period , and in its aftermath , we will continue to have responsibility for governing the country and serving the public who elected us .
sir philip , who took the £ 100 , 000 - a - year , three - days - a - week role in 2014 , appeared to distance himself from the controversial statement at the same time as taking responsibility for it .
but he said oil `` would be unlikely to increase to $ 100 a barrel or more `` any time soon .
i ' d be the first one to admit that there have been times when i ' ve let myself down with my behaviour , but you grow up and you make better decisions and he needs to start making better decisions .
`` it also means that uk men are being advised to drink significantly less than their european counterparts , '' a spokesperson added .
bbc scotland will provide live television , online and radio coverage of the tie on 7 february and the revenue generated will have a significant impact on the club founded in 2010 .
`` with a blood alcohol level this high , we are simply lucky that our road toll is not higher , '' he said .
or , as was the case with a few of my managers , just told to go out and play and get stuck in .
those people who are apparently attacking their homes are a minority , and i don ' t think they ' re local people .
her husband is being held at a civil guard station and will be handed over to a judge for further questioning .
we know what we ' re going to get from him and he ' s been doing that - and more - each week .
she had to stay in a local hotel and if i suspected any sign of drinking then that would be it .
at trial , defense lawyers argued that another man who was at the apartment that night might have committed the murder .
by late afternoon , about 20 inches had been reported in washington and new york , with little sign of high winds and rising snow levels letting up .
`` but the reason i couldn ' t touch base with her in the end was trust issues , '' she says .
and he ' s done a good job of keeping us focused on the big picture , which is that it ' s going to pay off at some point .
this might matter less in , say , the alcohol industry where sales are controlled by a small number of very large companies , but with food there is a much greater number of outlets .
of the total three million non - british residents 40 per cent were from europe , 30 per cent from the middle east and asia , 20 per cent from africa and 10 per cent from america or the caribbean .
the government says the inmates pose no risk to the community and more will arrive at the centre in the coming months .
`` public protection is our priority and we continue carefully to consider the findings in this case , '' he added .
i guess everyone is thinking the same thing , to be in this place with a two - year - old running in a $ 2 million race .
yet now there is a growing trend for these people to return and make the best use of their acquired skills in their home countries .
these organisations march to get power or to become famous or to be important and we think we are up to changing the system .
the referendum must take place before the end of year , according to a law passed by britain ' s parliament last year .
italy , which has one of the highest rates of non - performing loans in europe , struck a deal with the european commission to help its banks sell off their bad debt .
i was too young too actually attend / be in there so we were told we had to leave as soon as we finished playing .
but what we are trying to do is to make absolutely certain that when they start everyone is clear about roles and what ' s happening so you don ' t go there and wind up with a question mark or a failure .
as obama noted during remarks at the white house tuesday , failure to follow these rules can result in criminal prosecution .
on the other end of the scale , about six in 10 democrats , but only slightly more than one in 10 republicans , listed gun policy as a top priority .
`` we have a role to play , especially when things happen at school -- many things happen outside of school , '' brown said .
you just had to touch her hand and she would give you this huge smile and suddenly your day would be fine .
his 39 . 3 % shooting and 31 . 3 % from three - point range were also his lowest since his first year in the nba .
he ' s definitely his own man and i ' ve been really impressed with the way he ' s gone about things .
i know several parents who have experienced at least one of the factors that eventually led to william ' s death .
`` we think there needs to be fundamental change there , and that ' s why we ' re putting forward interesting and radical proposals for the future of the nhs , '' she told bbc wales .
`` that would be my advice , never look back too much on what has been great but always look forward to new performances , how you can improve or stay there if you feel it ' s good enough , '' she says .
it really can have a massive impact of where you end up in the table and it will make the league step up to the next level in terms of being professional .
these are people for the most part i don ' t know , i don ' t even know who most of them are , i don ' t want to know who most of them are .
he remains highly regarded for his work as new york mayor , from 2002 to 2013 , including his efforts in response to 9 / 11 .
march was a month of wide - ranging temperatures as is often the case in early spring , when the days start to stretch and the sun gains strength .
i feel like there ' s something wrong with me because i don ' t get excited or anything that much .
the 19 - year - old has also broken into the england squad and scored his first international goal in the 2 - 0 victory over france in november .
i wanted to come here to be part of a team that could potentially be ranked and be a force in the tournament , and by the looks of the way we ' re going we ' re definitely on that track .
arsenal go into this weekend ' s game knowing that they ' ll be playing an entirely different chelsea side to the one they lost to in september .
my wife ' s mum is 80 , and she now has to wait ten days for a doctor ' s appointment , when not long ago she ' d have been seen the same day .
that could include , for example , a woman whose asylum claim has been denied by an immigration judge after she fled gang and drug violence to save her children ' s lives .
on the other hand , a lot of restaurant workers and city employees come in to buy tickets , she said .
so it ' s something we need to fix going forward into the playoffs if that ' s where we end up .
so instead of focusing on what they can ' t control , professional coaches put their energy into something they can influence - results .
we have something much bigger planned in the land of fire and ice and we ' ll have more on that coming up in our next hour .
police are understood to have conducted an initial interview with the star but are expected to speak to him again in the next few days .
his dream debut continued when he picked up david warner in his third over , the brutal opener hitting a ball straight to mid off for just 10 .
`` i ' m not sure how much bigger you can get than 250 in a short space of time , '' he said .
but republicans are more likely to point to drug courts and state solutions , where democrats see room for lots of federal investment .
' they broke a window at one stage and got in the house to look around and [ yesterday ] they did the same but this time they ' ve obviously found something .
and although we told them it is for ever , i still sometimes think they wonder if their mum will come back .
european leaders said they will do what they can to make sure british prime minister david cameron can support his country ' s continued future in the european union in a referendum expected this year .
the school is closed because children have too little energy to go , and the hospital is in someone ' s house .
many immigrant parents will push their children to succeed in education - it is part of the reason why they moved .
and the data are generally pretty weak , at least in the eyes of those who know about these things .
the research is a major advance towards the practical application of solid - state energy - storage / heat - release materials from both a scientific and engineering point of view .
she also admitted letting the clients , both vulnerable and in their early 20s , stay at her flat after another night out .
it took me four years to quit drinking , and now that i have it seems crazy to me that it took me so long .
in 2014 , about 90 , 000 americans visited the island nation ; by the end of 2015 , that number had jumped to 150 , 000 , `` cbs this morning `` reported last week , a 60 % increase .
it ' s not just getting to the premier league , it is being able to stay there in the right way - in the financial right way .
he arrived at liverpool street station in london , which `` was a black hole in those days , '' he says .
i had been taking on too much work , too many activities and too much debt , and it had all caught up with me .
it is easy to feel like you want to give up and , to get through it , you need your family and close friends away from football .
in fact , we believe that your attitude and who you are as a person is much more important that any mark on a test .
they shot only 42 percent and went 6 for 20 from 3 - point range , while miami shot 51 percent .
these days , i ' m lucky enough to do it for a living ; and i love it and i learn from it every day .
we hope that our work will throw light on the lives of ordinary people living outside the london area , where almost all the previous large - scale studies of this era have been carried out .
it is something i was thinking about five years ago and i went to hong kong two years and japan to make the effort to build a platform .
`` chris christie is missing out of new jersey most of the time , that ' s why his numbers there are so terrible , '' rubio said .
as many as 25 , 000 inmates are serving months , even years of their sentences alone in a tiny cell , with almost no human contact .
an opposition official said they came to geneva to make the talks successful , but added that violence must stop first .
there ' s a high percentage that they make them , but you ' ve still got to do it .
in the short weeks he ' s spent in pakistan , he ' s found there are two questions he ' s usually asked : where are you from and can you get me a visa there ?
`` the trials were started based on a single piece of data , and one piece of data isn ' t sufficient , '' he said .
he actually said if we took concrete action on climate change he would be the first to come up and celebrate with us .
`` we gave ourselves an opportunity to win and we didn ' t take it , so we ' ve got to fix those things really quickly , '' he said .
my dad ' s still got it , and his is not grey and he ' s 72 , so if i carry on down that same road , i think i am going to be just fine .
after five years of learning his craft , the star knew how to hold people ' s attention without expensive light shows , or even a full band .
the uk government insists the new contract means the nhs in england will be better placed to provide better care seven days a week .
one in six drivers admitted they often felt nervous when it came to parking - rising to one in four 18 to 25 year olds .
that might be a little further down the line but it is one of those options that we have to discuss .
we ' ve been battle - tested for a couple of years now , this season especially , and i feel like this is going to make us better .
`` the tourism industry is excited because we believe many people will choose to come to the gold coast for a short break and stay three nights rather than just two , '' he said .
her keith was `` a sort of serious boy who liked school and liked to help me , '' she recalled .
to ask me , `` does he have quality ? '' then , yes , but he has to show it on a longer scale and now it ' s there .
we have some very fine houses coming onto the market , which i think will start the year off probably better than we would have expected towards the end of 2015 .
trump then went on to say that this was all proof that kim ' doesn ' t play games ' and that the us ' can ' t play games with him ' , according to sky news .
to beat the heat , the city of melbourne has released a list of places to go and things to do to keep cool on hot days .
we can live until our ninth or 10th decade and then die of what we call old age , when there is general engineering failure .
energy prices were once again the cause for low inflation , which remains well below the european central bank ' s target of just under 2 percent .
for the majority who work full - time with a salary paid into their bank account each month , there is little to worry about .
in most ways , such a move appears to play into opponents `` hands , especially those of opponents who are 1 - 0 up and could now have you on the run .
russia ' s foreign ministry says it hasn ' t been confirmed that north korea has carried out an actual nuclear test .
the district of columbia ' s emergency management agency suggested going to a movie or a museum in order to beat the heat .
you went to these people asking them to vote for you ... then you back out and claim it ' s for a personal reason .
mr cameron said the uk and germany did `` vital work `` together in europe , sharing the same views on trade , security , counter - terrorism and foreign development , and he hoped the two would continue to co - operate within the eu .
he will prove to people that he is good enough to play , and i think that ' s a good thing .
according to the spokesman , he had then seen something moving in a bag next to it and decided to opened the plastic bag and saw a baby inside .
the council ' s decision notice says the work must be carried out within three years of the date of consent , which is by august 2018 .
she talks about wanting simply to be `` the best i can be `` rather than giving herself specific targets and about being `` in the moment `` rather than looking ahead .
it wasn ' t secure to live in that situation so i got a place of my own , ' she said .
`` i said to them on the phone , i ' m not prepared to go for more questioning , '' he said .
like other local officials , she was urging people to stay home , and prepare to remain there until early next week if necessary .
the teenager lost in the very first round and from then on struggled to impose himself against opponents rated around 200 points lower .
the team had hoped that when the sun left the face of the mountain , a recovery operation could be attempted .
we ' re moving across front lines , we need to ensure that that access is there , that there ' s no risk .
`` no , it ' s not going to be anything as far as cheap or anything , '' stewart said in response to a question from the associated press .
it ' s difficult , because we start to play the champions league , we have a game every three days and long travel but we will see , '' he said .
in his weekly radio and internet address , mr obama said there had been tens of thousands of people killed from gun violence since background check legislation was put on hold three years ago .
the family thought the baby ' s head had come out and she stayed at home like that for three days before the family decided to take her to hospital .
that also is a way to show that president obama ' s united states is in a way out of the race in the middle east region .
the noise stopped when the fault , which took several hours to investigate , was fixed at about 23 . 00 .
`` we did a fairly extensive search and spoke to a number of people and we don ' t believe there was a second person , '' a nsw police spokesperson said .
and following five operations , doctors have also been able to recover 30 per cent of the vision in his right eye .
the list covered only cases where the pet made a full recovery , as people did not claim for a diagnosis when the dog or cat had died , she said .
i mean , he was running side to side and he got me so many balls back , so it was really tough to play .
there are a few movements we have to do and if we are doing them we are quite quick and stronger in defending this .
however , this is 2016 and the stocks of celebrities willing to appear on this sort of programme are running dry .
it ' s great that the players have been able to carry it out , but i think it has kicked in now .
but immigration could not find evidence of him entering the country - no passport , no travel documents , the daily telegraph reported .
still others say they now recognize the homeless man , and hand him a little money to help out when they see him .
' for example , one of my goals is i want to be able to do 10 pull - ups - at the moment i can do about six , so i ' m getting there .
it received 16 . 25 million visitors , down 7 % in the previous year , causing it to drop from third to fourth ranking .
it ' s my problem , i knew what i was getting into but that is the biggest frustration and challenge so far .
`` i haven ' t seen this dancing since the sydney olympics in 2000 , i was just thinking while i was watching it , '' he said .
on the pitch we had a poor spell , losing five in eight , but we ' d had 19 injuries that month .
and all of a sudden , you feel like we ' re moving in the wrong direction , ' the 54 - year - old actor and director said .
a labour mp has been asked by david cameron to examine why black offenders are more likely to be jailed than white offenders in english and welsh courts .
and some of the independent analysts have argued that it should be at least 10 times this amount , '' he said .
the military says it often stops people trying to cross the jordan - syria border which runs through remote desert .
we ' ve had a good week at training , we all feel confident that we ' ve done what we need to do .
i ' ve changed the system a couple of times to try to get a result and try to get a clean sheet that will allow us to win a game .
the jury at the high court in edinburgh took two - and - a - half hours to return a verdict of guilty of murder .
`` if i can not use the term radical to describe what has happened to the labour party ... then i don ' t know when i would be able to use the term , '' he told bbc radio 4 ' s today programme .
our technology is for the first time closing the obvious and highly sought after gap between slow - but - cheap transport by ship and fast - but - expensive travel by aircraft .
a british government spokesman said : `` we ' re fighting hard to fix the aspects of our eu membership that cause so much frustration in britain - so we get a better deal for our country and secure our future .
federal reserve officials this week raised concerns about how the economy ended last year , and continued weak growth could lead them to delay planned future increases in a key interest rate .
the good thing is that i ' ve played a number of roles in the past and if ross wants me to play another role for the team , i ' m happy to put my hand up .
the suspect then ran off towards the school , leading police on a chase across fields on which children were playing rugby and football .
it is part of a $ 32 million investment by the airport , which said it would offer more if other airlines followed and offered international flights , too .
the intervention from the former prime minister comes as the ballot paper which voters will be presented with was released in draft legislation on the government ' s website .
i made plans , i talked about a possible future of studying there , and then it all just went away .
he has declined to apply for another five - year term and leaves his post at the end of the month .
`` the australian way is to look after each other ... if someone is not right to drive , make sure everyone steps up , '' he said .
the museum opened its doors monday -- a day when it ' s usually closed -- so fans could see the show and capture their thoughts in a memorial book .
trump himself made that point two weeks ago , saying that president barack obama and bill clinton were being used , not him .
`` she taught me that there is so much more to life than freedom , and parties , and an empty flat , '' he said .
my boys that i keep in my circle , my brothers that live with me -- they ' re my biggest critics , '' he said .
paul lived with me for two years and looked after my daughters , who are now aged 18 and 15 , while i was at work .
the park remains open and employees at several hotels around the resort said they continued working as normal after the arrest .
of course we should be offering language classes , and other forms of support , to anybody in the uk who needs it .
the investigators concluded that catch - up sleep may reverse the negative short - term impact of sleep loss on diabetes risk , at least in otherwise healthy fit young men .
we have made a decision as a council that we would like a new direction within our executive team and we look forward to delivering that in the next ongoing period .
so troops , hang in there , because help ' s on the way because he , better than anyone , isn ' t he known for being able to command , fire !
the geneva negotiations are the first step in a road map laid out last year by the international community to end the syrian civil war .
if a housing worker had asked me about childhood trauma , at that time i probably wouldn ' t have told them .
the president will paint an optimistic vision of the country ' s future in hopes of encouraging voters to elect another democrat to the white house .
over the six weeks of the inquest i heard for myself the way in which the army allowed that to happen and what it meant in reality .
but mr white attack the request , saying , `` if they ' re asking for millions more to do the job that we ' re already paying them to do , what are they doing with the money ?
mr hall said the number of people attending the auction was a little higher than expected and contributed to a strong result .
most cash currently held at the central bank will continue earning the same 0 . 1 % interest rate as before .
the pilot program started in december with a project management course , and a different topic is to be introduced each month .
when you have to make everything happen yourself with pace and all that and you ' re feeling pretty tight and nervous , it wasn ' t easy .
to be able to both honor her and to honor our people here , that ' s the reason for life .
the move away from daily limits has partly been motivated by research like this on how people understand and use guidelines .
those ratings can have a serious effect on poll numbers and even cost pro - gun control candidates a seat .
`` it ' s fair for us to ask , if ministers and advisers have been having meetings with google , for them to explain what those meetings are about , '' she said .
the vermont senator leads donald trump , texas sen . ted cruz and new jersey gov . chris christie by 23 percentage points .
we just take our time and break it up depending on how old the kids are and whether they need a day sleep or not .
what i ' ve taken away from that is that it ' s the time spent with people that is really important and making sure that we don ' t let things like technology get in the way .
on the airline ' s facebook page , he added : ' we gave you three weeks to do the right thing before we went public with this .
he faces the most serious charge of the six officers charged - second - degree murder , which carries a maximum sentence of 30 years in prison .
if , however , no one says there is an issue or complaint [ or ] problem and it looks like everything is in order , the police would leave and not put in a report .
the ones i ' ve worked with are great - but they have to be , just to have got there .
the organisation also urged a greater focus on helping industry to reduce its demand for electricity , and investment in research and development .
`` if this momentum continues , we ' re confident we can make this the year that thousands of south australians `` bills go down for once , instead of up .
that might be , if you ' re lucky to be invited , to go and use that as a platform to further that dialogue .
police scotland said the exercise had been planned since early last year , and was not held in response to a recent incident or specific threat .
the country has developed champions across many sports , having finished fifth in the medals table at the 2012 olympics , but has yet to produce a top - 30 male tennis player .
`` one of the good things about jeremy becoming leader is that it has kind of opened us up to think in a different way , '' she told me .
it ' s vital that services understand the signs of people having experienced abuse , and are able to respond to this trauma effectively .
when he came back after the fourth round and he said my shoulder ' s shot , i said do the best you can .
that is not a story hillary wants out there , especially through a more popular medium that has the ability to reach a broader audience .
`` but we are deeply disappointed that there had to be another incident , where a child was the victim , before action was taken , '' ms allen said .
so it is absolutely right that we do everything we can to make sure these businesses feel supported and ready to receive visitors .
i ' ve been up to see him a few times and he ' d love to play a lot more than he is .
but for now it ' s trying to build strength up , trying to maintain everything we ' ve started at the beginning of season .
and that ' s because he can finally get back to focusing on the issues that matter : like , did we fake the moon landing ?
he played 10 years in the league , starting 17 career games , including nine in philadelphia , and posting a 3 - 14 record .
`` black americans across america are beginning to wake up and see clearly the reality of what is happening in black neighborhoods , '' the national black republican association said on its blog .
a closer look at the video appears to reveal at least one person trying to get away from the falling green car .
the court heard the woman , though born in the uk , spent her early childhood in pakistan before returning to england when she was a teenager .
we ' re talking about a drug war that ' s been killing people all over the world for years and years and years and i ' ve been very close to it .
a record number of us air force drones crashed last year , according to an investigation by the washington post .
clinton has responded by arguing that only she has the global experience needed of a commander in chief in a dangerous world .
`` people in jail have a lot of time to sit around and think about ways to defeat our system , '' she said .
i mean i could not imagine i just early saturday and while my daughter and we couldn ' t imagine her being out on the highway like .
a department of health spokesman said : `` the chief medical officer , with advice from a group of independent experts , has reviewed current drinking guidelines .
on the island we could see some damage , but nothing compared with what we later saw had happened in other parts of south - east asia .
it won ' t be long before facebook ' s 1 . 6 billion users have more ways to quickly express their feelings on the world ' s largest social network .
she said : `` it has been just 36 weeks since i changed my life and i would never look back now .
she said : ' i gave up chocolate in may 2013 - i ' d occasionally have some but i was careful not to fall into the same cycle again .
the ford boss said some customers had taken delivery of their cars and are trying to sell them for a quick profit .
in addition , the difference between 2014 and 2015 was partly due to the number of total weeks overall that shows were on stage , the league said .
but , like i said , over the past eight years , we ' ve had a president who ' s black , who gets his funding mainly from hollywood .
the migrants that are already there don ' t want to be in france , they want to get to the uk , and this would just make the problem far far worse .
the weight loss has improved his health `` dramatically , '' he said , and he no longer needs medication for his previous conditions including diabetes .
the u . s . says it takes no position on the claims but says developments in the south china sea are a national security interest .
`` i don ' t blame the gun at all for my mother ' s death , '' he said in a telephone interview .
if you move away from any club when you go back there will be a target on your head in some way .
he was impressed by the research they ' d done and agreed to perform the surgery at the end of july .
i go on set with a very clear idea of what i ' m going to do and they have to stick to the contract .
at what point am i going to be able to rent a flat and have a record player , so i can listen to other people ' s music for a bit ?
the british transport police has condemned the actions and threatened fines of up to £ 1 , 000 for anyone caught .
sarah white , pictured left , has been convicted over the brutal attack , despite claiming she was looking after the animal for a friend .
the project had originally been a facebook page but is now a website in its own right to respond to the worldwide demand .
still , there ' s one woman at that last venue who ' s doing everything in her power to change the situation .
an economy that grew by over 5 % in 2013 may contract this year , for the first time since 1998 .
how can you say that humanitarian aid is going to help when it ' s being used as a weapon of war ?
i ' d want it to be late spring / early summer , when nature is at its most generous .
she told the independent : `` if they want to do that [ protest ] , outside the clinic is probably the wrong place .
one user wrote : ' she had her step sister call my parents ' phone ( didn ' t have a cell phone then ) to break up with me .
they are one of three teams , along with the raiders and rams , who could be moving to los angeles next year .
a well - known television personality is opening up about her complicated relationship with donald trump in a new documentary about the billionaire businessman turned presidential hopeful .
the first step to dealing with the disease is to remove the infected fish from the tank , to prevent them spreading it to healthy fish in the same tank .
when you sit in a trial court day in and day out , you see the kinds of legal problems that people find themselves in , often through no fault of their own .
after three years of negotiations the two sides are working towards reaching a final , comprehensive peace agreement by a march 23 deadline .
`` the welsh government has a strong relationship with industry in wales , working in close partnership over many years , '' a spokesman said .
they stop being useful , people lose their momentum - all similar reasons as to why people quit going to the gym .
the photographer had to wait outside the court to take a photo of this guy but obviously doesn ' t know who he is , so my job was to spot him in the court and then point him out to the photographer .
after hosting south korea ' s president at the white house in june 2009 , president obama traveled to south korea for a state visit that november .
we hope that it will add to the pressure turnbull is under to get behind marriage equality legislation before the next election .
i asked ian , who was the editor of the independent on sunday at the time , to have a look at the speech for me .
there was a day when he was slightly late so i took the opportunity to show tony we could do it without him .
i ' ve applied for several jobs with fixed - term contracts at this company for roles i ' m already doing .
and right now , we ' re at a very interesting point because right now there ' s so much energy , '' trump said .
as has been the case in recent months , the most important figure in the report may be related to wage growth .
it ' s a factor of 30 - about 3 , 000 % per head for the average english or american person .
he became a top target for us and british intelligence agencies , even though he is thought to have played no military role within is .
last week david cameron announced new rules requiring migrants to learn english or face losing their right to stay in the country .
i have to get ready for the rest of the year , get healthy and i think we have a good chance to have success and i want to be a part of it .
he said the force would be releasing the images to the wider public in the coming days unless the individuals who were at the scene came forward .
william was six and harry four when they first drove it , so george , who will be three in july , won ' t have to wait much longer to get behind the wheel .
you go from making a good living , you know , and all of the sudden , it ' s all gone .
our jobs , our families , films , and what it ' s like being a gay man living in london .
`` it is my strong belief that for us to get our complete arms around the problem congress needs to act , '' he said .
i can not have a full match and i thought that it ' s more important to be ready and to take a break .
i wouldn ' t harm my husband , we ' ve been married 52 years and you just don ' t know what ' s around the corner .
some people reported their diagnosis took more than five years after their symptoms first appeared and again it was mostly women 11 per cent , compared to 6 per cent of men .
she was a little bit nervous walking in but as soon as she walked in the door she found her feet and ran with it .
several people are dead and a male suspect has been taken into custody following a shooting at a school in a remote part of canada .
the dubai media office said that dubai ' s tourism department would provide guests evacuated from the building with alternative hotel accommodation .
she has a busy life , attending classes to improve her swedish - as well as the teenage - coaching project .
`` this is just a building block in a chain of statements from the government and also the chancellor , '' he said on phoenix television .
the company has previously used the same social media website to apparently offer any potential major investors prepared to commit in excess of $ 1 million to the project the promise of a guaranteed australian visa .
`` there are a number of things that impact on pain , but i do feel that weather plays a role , '' she said .
six people have been killed on queensland ' s roads over the christmas period , compared to just three over the same period last year .
but part of the explanation may be down to the fact that there are at least two versions of the home office press notice announcing this .
we had always thought we would have three children - and we did - but there comes a point where you have to accept what was meant to be .
mr corbyn said : `` labour is now committed to a publicly owned railway as the best way to secure a fair deal for rail passengers and taxpayers , and long term investment for a modern railway system .
the nhs is said to be facing its most `` significant challenge in recent years `` after a third of students told a new poll they no longer wish to study medicine in the wake of the junior doctors `` contract row .
once i had two children i didn ' t have time for my busy drinking schedule , and at the end of 2013 made a resolution to spend more of the week off than on .
if a majority in england votes to leave , pressure will build for a second independence referendum to open a path back to the eu for an independent scotland .
on the second day of the trial , the company admitted failing to ensure the health , safety and welfare at work of employees by failing to ensure a safe system of work with vehicles .
but in october , a federal judge ruled their terms were too short under u . s . law and ordered them back to prison for about four years each .
`` it ' s a very good thing i never owned a gun , cause i don ' t know what would have happened `` he says .
a year later i ' m cycling every day , running and keeping fit in all sorts of ways at the gym .
in some cases it can be appropriate for a patient to travel outside their health board area where specialist or urgent care is required .
this is an eight - week series featuring young people taking on various football challenges in an attempt to join the spanish midfielder at the super 8 finals at united ' s training complex in march .
my parents came and watched every game when we were at school or at a club , drove me around the country when needed be .
that was how a generation of university students was introduced to mary wilson , wife of the last labour leader before tony blair to win a general election .
because of my experience , and particularly my years as secretary of state working with president obama , i think that ' s something that people really take into account .
in 2007 , we spent nearly a month in the region and a conversation with a couple we met who live out there set me thinking about making it a reality .
that ' s what we did here , '' he said , adding it was better to have two short runs than no race at all .
but , despite saying some of the money would go back to the nhs , she had a change of heart when she found out she was having a girl .
my clothes were normally made for professional models - this was the first time they had been used for an artist or singer .
that ' s something that really got to me because i ' ve never been told that by teachers , and they kept on pushing me forward .
it would make us feel a lot safer if our door was changed as it would not make us stand out as much .
you ' re in a business environment ; you de - gender everything , you never say he or she .
her argument is that refugees are arriving in europe because they lack the opportunity to have a decent life in their own countries .
she said : ' my friends and family kept telling me how good i looked - but i wasn ' t done .
it ' s a very difficult question , how you can know for sure that the system itself is actually really safe .
fairfax media subsequently published allegations about a separate incident in the team dressing room at last year ' s world cup .
photo of these two college students going viral today because it shows true love the couple both 21 years old were on their way from tennessee to board a new year ' s eve .
he is a player who can play in the full - back positions , so we have four players injured in the full - back positions now .
for more than a quarter of a century , nobody knew who the baby ' s mother was or the circumstances of his death .
i know they can ' t discuss law enforcement , but it would be nice to have at least more transparency .
i ' ve been doing this for about 14 years now , so you kind of get used to it .
new york city health officials said that three individuals with zika virus have been identified in the city , including one pregnant woman .
four county - level officials were fired on december 29 , one day before the survivors were found , according to xinhua , the chinese government news agency .
in the 2015 financial year it recorded revenue growth of 23 per cent to $ 44 . 8 million and a net profit after tax of $ 10 . 8 million , a jump of 28 per cent .
because with the laws , i know that at least last i heard , the federal prosecution of gun crimes was like 40 percent .
commonwealth public hospital funding continues to grow over the next four years , with an increase of $ 3 . 3 billion or around 21 . 5 per cent .
the other problem is that , like most of my friends , i don ' t look or act my 62 years .
and if they do contain the things that mr grant claims that they contain , then we have a chance at picking them up .
this week we have met with community leaders and elected members and we will continue to update everyone about the ongoing investigations .
so right now i think the prosecutors are going to review this ruling , and we may be hearing more before the next trial .
austria has warned greece that it could be kicked out , at least temporarily , of the 26 - nation travel area .
`` australia is a lucky country run mainly by second - rate people who share its luck , '' he wrote .
despite the campaign ' s best efforts , clinton has been unable to put to rest questions about her use of the private server .
just before christmas it emerged that she received nearly £ 15 , 000 from one of the law firms criticised over false claims british soldiers were involved in torture and murder in iraq .
a fix has been suggested by many users on twitter while apple is said to be working on a more permanent solution .
i mean , i was just thinking florida has to be cold because of that storm that ' s hitting on the east coast .
and she had five service breaks -- two in the first , and three in third set -- against williams , who hadn ' t dropped a set in the previous six rounds .
i even give points to actors who don ' t do self - surgery , but merely return themselves to a high state of training .
you can always sell a home if the price is cheap enough , but there must be a growing fear that those in the affected streets will never see their pre - flood values ever again .
they are eight and nine - months - old so it was a really special moment together that i wanted to share with my mum .
i don ' t actually think a lot of what he has to say has much support in terms of economic theory .
there ' s the additional $ 200 - million loan from the nfl and personal - seat - license money to help finance the stadium .
if the sun does come out , it will be strongest between 11 and 3 , so get out for a walk during your lunch break .
little is known about the identity of nick , but the sun revealed he previously held a £ 55 , 000 - a - year management job at the nhs before he spoke to police in 2012 .
if something is very important , they print it in very big type for me to read - but that ' s all i can do .
three prison officials have already lost their jobs over this escape and this morning now for the first time we ' re seeing the most revealing video yet .
so i had to be careful that i didn ' t get in the way , that i didn ' t take a picture of someone who wasn ' t completely dressed .
one friend to whom i mentioned the idea of joining the police force ruled out my chances of being accepted because i am a first generation immigrant .
it has been reported since that she used the word ' attempted ' as a cover if she failed in her suicide .
`` today was the day i kept in my mind the whole time being in the hospital : the first day back , sort of what was driving me , '' he said .
it ' s not easy to go in there and win , but we ' re going to give it everything we ' ve got .
india is being called the bright spot among the world ' s big emerging nations , according to a world bank report released this week .
it tells the true story of an american newspaper ' s investigation , into the cover up of child abuse within the catholic church .
if the results are promising and the men can stick with the exercise regime , the researchers say they will do a larger , full - scale trial .
i was celebrating more than anybody on the bench , happy to see him make a lot of shots during that stretch .
you see this person who is almost but not quite grown - up physically , saying at one moment , ' leave me alone .
`` it ' s easier for an african american to become president of the united states than it is for an african american to run a hollywood studio , '' he said , adding that more people should be speaking out on that issue .
this team has five weeks to do our job as basketball players and coaches and to try to keep the pressure off ... are younger players still getting development and are we still doing the work ?
`` green grass is fine , but you can see green grass anywhere so i really think this is a major contribution to tourists and locals like us as well who come down here because there ' s something to do , '' he said .
for sanders , the attack line works because clinton has received hundreds of thousands of dollars from wall street banks for speeches and appearances .
he was detained at beijing ' s international airport on january 3 while preparing to board a flight en route to thailand , and is now under residential surveillance .
at the last election , the sweden democrats won the votes of 10 % of men and 6 % of women , according to exit poll data .
`` the names that we were given last night do not have any association with the first warning , '' he said .
bill clinton is on the campaign trail for his wife for the first time this cycle and it ' s clear he is on his best behavior .
there are certain words such as `` crime `` the jury should not use in responding to the questions , sir john said .
i hope every member of parliament ends up supporting our plan because i ' ll tell you now i don ' t want to see one more death .
and you don ' t have to wait until your birthday to do it , january is the perfect time to focus on what you want from the year .
he would not say when the review began or how long it would go , and acknowledged it ' s possible there could be classified emails that weren ' t marked as such .
but once in government , ms bishop visited iran , prior to the final nuclear deal being signed , and with all of australia ' s sanctions still in place .
we work on the positive end of this - future benefits and potential coming from a strong britain being part of a strong europe and ireland associated with that north and south .
`` we ' re really happy with his first - up run for us with a massive weight on his back , '' the canberra trainer said .
but researchers are working on a material that can store heat during the day and release it later , without you having to lift a finger .
even if the lakers are at full strength , and the warriors are not , golden state has just two losses on the season for a reason .
' because the things we don ' t have every day of the week , it ' s when they arrive , it ' s more special .
`` we ' re out here because the people have been abused long enough , '' he said in a video interview posted on his facebook page on saturday night .
she fears she may suffer from her unusual condition for the rest of her life and is determined to find out what is causing it .
he claims his income on a ' bad month ' will be between £ 20 , 000 and £ 30 , 000 , while it can be over £ 40 , 000 more on a good month .
the best position to be a coach is the goalkeeper because he doesn ' t move and he sees everything .
but then the prices boom starts and continues for the nine years to 2010 - 11 , during which it grew at a rapid annual average rate of 7 . 2 per cent .
people already claim , for example , that if there is to be education about honour killings and forced marriage , it must involve every child in the country , regardless of their race or background .
the eyes of the world are due to be on the brazilian city when it hosts the olympics in just eight months ' time .
`` what we ' re looking at in the relatively short run is practical cooperation between people who have a common approach but happen to be in different parties , '' he said .
they were taken , as usual , by the duchess herself in a controlled exercise designed to protect his privacy .
i think it ' s really important for me anyway to get here early and get used to that because it can be brutal .
although there is no monitoring to know if they really do , `` i think compared to 15 years ago , more primary care practices are equipped to do this work , '' he added .
one witness said that the execution took place in public , in front of a large gathering of local civilians in the area .
i don ' t expect the church to make a space for me to kick the football or throw a cricket balls .
he said `` it ' s very difficult to know `` when a patient is exactly exposed but both patients were successfully treated .
at heart is the idea that farmers will share information and techniques with each other , while local governments will get involved and eventually shape national policies .
they anticipated that the middle school - a time during which children are typically between the ages of 11 and 14 - may be the most challenging for mothers .
bernie passed in 2009 but i know he would have taken great pride at this event and the fact that the coast guard is finally being recognized for the work its men and women do every day .
you ' ve been an important person in the life of your mother and sister , you connect well with women , you have been in love before .
we will seek to establish if this is something we should investigate , and if so , when we could begin this work .
for him , part of that action needs to be a genuine effort to listen to the needs and demands of chicago ' s black citizens .
so i looked at the [ report ] and saw her name , and that ' s when i realized it was my ex - wife .
roger lewis was speaking as he marked 100 days in the job , after leaving the welsh rugby union to take up the role .
' once i hit my target , i put on facebook what i ' d done and have had so many telling me i ' ve inspired them .
' my friends who live on the street said the man was doing some work on the house at the time , ' he said .
to me , being this bad should cost you money , but in fact , in philadelphia ' s situation , it made them money .
`` the face of the middle east is changing in pretty dramatic fashion in a very short period of time , '' he said .
the company ' s shares rose more than 3 percent to $ 37 . 40 in extended trading wednesday , after falling more than 2 percent to $ 36 . 15 in regular trading .
`` up until now , i have preferred to not let this diagnosis get in the way of getting on with life , '' she said .
it is not only on cost grounds but it is also the option that gives us the best chance of getting a parliament that both works for its staff , mps and for visitors .
the bbc will only say these were men of north african or arab appearance , a line fed to them by the german authorities .
in an interview with the times , he added : `` he was really weak and when we came off stage he had to take a seat .
walker says there is still time to claim this higher protection if you haven ' t already as the deadline is the end of the 2016 / 2017 tax year .
it ' s been a great time , the past decade or so , to be the mayor of a major capital city .
he dropped a game on serve late in the third set and was facing two set points at 4 - 5 down .
the former model said : `` i haven ' t seen him in so many years , i can ' t make a big drama out of it .
on the face of it , a combined fairfax , nine and southern cross would have around $ 3 billion of costs .
i once made this my new year ' s resolution , and it is the only one that i ' ve actually ever managed to keep .
a measure of miles driven rose by 4 per cent in november 2015 versus the same month in the previous year .
`` i think we are surprised - we knew it would be a success but half a million passengers since the beginning is good news and over the forecasts that were predicted , '' he said .
he said he would only do the job if mr corbyn said it was `` essential `` he take it - but said he thought this unlikely .
it was only 30 minutes , and with one man less , it ' s not easy , but i think i did good work , '' he said .
but these days , he ' s a good - looking , healthy guy , the national park service said thursday .
the department of health has pledged to offer the treatment to up to 1 , 500 cancer patients at hospitals in london and manchester from april 2018 , following investment worth £ 250 million .
in each of the three years before king became principal , hamilton ' s test scores had fallen short of the state ' s target for how much the school was supposed to improve .
but i was with a girl recently and i liked her , things were going well until we got naked .
it seems there is a hope someone will be able to get out of social housing and into the private rental market .
the club are believed to be keen on bringing in cover at centre - back during the current transfer window , with a loan move most likely .
as no proposal has been made by the greek authorities in this respect , there have thus been no discussions with the institutions .
on social reform he says : `` there are many people who will tell you how deeply they care about these issues .
chinese laws also force any foreign company wanting to run an internet - tv service there to get a license from beijing , a rare permission .
but an investigation revealed that he landed a job with royal bank of scotland as a telephone adviser between 2002 and 2007 .
a poll of likely republican voters in iowa released this week showed cruz tied with trump among the party ' s women in the state , at 23 . 5 % support .
three men were arrested in central london on 13 october as part of an investigation into islamist - related terrorism .
`` i don ' t think they have had any one - on - one phone conversations recently , '' allen said .
after sending an official letter to the owner ' s last known address , the state can take possession of such accounts , according to the law .
those who know him know that he ' s struggled with several issues , from being in the public spotlight from a young age to being the son of a legend .
but , most likely , there ' s seven or eight months to go , and anything could happen to the love affair between malcolm turnbull and the electorate .
the market rose in the morning on the back of small gain on wall street on tuesday night , but quickly fell back into negative territory where it stayed for the rest of the session .
some studies show that the air quality is responsible for 37 per cent of deaths of child deaths and 21 . 6 per cent of adult deaths .
`` i don ' t look at them the same , these two horses , apart from the fact they live next door to each other , that ' s about as close as i ' ve got them , '' he said .
in high school , i ' d pack my lunch , eat everything in the morning and wouldn ' t eat for the rest of the day .
they photograph their dinner and their stuff and put it on instagram and facebook : `` i ' m so lucky , '' the post may say .
i am really excited about the operation , it will change my life so i can deal with the pain afterwards .
the party ' s leader mr corbyn has also called for the government to get other eu nations to take their fair share of refugees and migrants in europe .
the real boom sector is health technology to keep us fit , well and informed , and to help us manage and even treat illness .
you responded to your critics who said you were too thin and said that you losing weight because of a cancer medication you were on .
asked whether the prime minister thought he had used appropriate language , his spokesperson said : `` the prime minister thinks that the key thing here is to get the policies right .
and i think that ' s going to be critical here , because unlike in a civil case where the question is , is it more likely than not , here the prosecution has that enormous burden .
she says he likes to play with boxes and sleep on her face , but that he ' s also extremely smart .
kelly shared more about the sexual abuse he experienced as a child : `` as far as i can remember , about ( age ) 7 or 8 to maybe 14 , 15 .
second is the simple fact that so few americans who are healthy appear able to lose weight and keep it off .
billy has passed on to me all of the evidence that we couldn ' t mention while the trial was going on .
he didn ' t respond to a question on how many more refugees germany can take in the current year .
i ' m more pro ' let ' s get all of the information out there , get all of the evidence out there ' and as a player i want to know .
our daughter enjoyed playing with her daughter and we left them for an hour to play while we took a walk in the country .
it forms a small part of facebook ' s appeal in its long - running battle over tracking of non - users of its social network .
now , obama is back to try again , offering a set of yet - to - be announced measures on enforcement and background checks .
you must keep faith that you are going to score goals , but every time you don ' t you get frustrated and disappointed .
the 60 - year - old italian said he had received offers to manage again in italy , but held out for a chance abroad .
in her evidence she wrote : `` we have evidence that the most serious cases were not picked up , especially of young people who present with significant risk .
and that ' s why i announced from a factory floor in western pennsylvania , i pledge to make america the number one manufacturing nation , again , in the world .
the country ' s number one concern is terrorism , with 26 per cent choosing the issue ; 13 per cent highlighted poverty , and 11 per cent feared armed conflicts the most .
the latest associate to be reported missing is the man who raised the alarm when his colleagues disappeared in october .
both will be well worth a visit over the next 12 months , with a huge number of special events planned .
in fact , that ' s how they found out so quickly about this and managed to shut it down , ' she said .
the metropolitan police issued as cctv image of a man they want to speak to in connection with the robbery .
the agency said three of those injured in the strike were its staff , two of whom were in a critical condition .
`` this government was elected to deliver security and opportunity - whatever stage of life you ' re at , '' said cameron .
`` you have to ask no 10 as to why final approval went through , and it has been in the hands of the cabinet office after my time at the department for education , '' he said .
he said : ' there was just so much meat and , although if i had more time it might have been easier , because i had to finish within 40 minutes it was extremely difficult .
they exist , they are part of our families , and it is unfair that they do not have the same rights as other italian children , '' he said .
`` if you get caught twice on a mobile phone during a set period of time you should receive a short - term ban , '' she said .
`` this whole past year has been so crazy for me being in the hospital and all , '' she revealed .
' as a doctor , i can understand the anger and frustration felt by many junior doctors at this time , ' she said .
he also wrote : ' right , let ' s get back to the sex then ' when the conversation turned serious .
but others spoke out in support of the police and said it was safer for them to sleep than to continue driving if they were tired .
but it will probably be opposed by many in the corporate world , for whom the costs of running a business will increase .
she was employed for 12 months from september 2013 and later had the company wound up over its failure to pay her wages .
i think people feel it very personally , maybe more than with a lot of people who have passed away , because he was very important in how people grew up .
a survey found that 42 % of the public think there is no point in keeping up contact at this stage .
when cars were pulled over , the result was almost always a warning , not the $ 30 fine that has been announced .
the kids can ' t take them outside , they have to leave them in secure areas while not in class .
it is always a big challenge to play these clubs but , if we showed something in these last weeks , it is that we have something like a plan against good football teams .
however , it is not a criminal offence , so property owners must bring their claim in the civil courts .
the court heard from several women who described abuse at the hands of the officer and the feeling that their lives were threatened .
i think what china will do will be the same as what japan did , in that you ' ve got to get more economies of scale in the steel industry .
the uk is said to be closing in on a deal that would allow it to deny in - work benefits to workers from other parts of the eu for up to four years .
germany ' s main stock market , which was closed thursday for the holiday , ended the year with a 9 . 6 percent gain .
paul added , `` the good news about kentucky is i think they will reward someone like myself , who is very conservative .
the situation got under control after city and state officials announced last fall that flint would switch back to detroit ' s water supply .
the army says 12 militants , two police officers and a soldier were killed in 48 hours , across thursday and friday .
you ' ll do it because the picture has worth and you have worth if you serve the picture and you ' re never going to forget that again .
it ' s about the way men treat women in the workplace in general - and sexual harassment is just one way in which women are kept in their place .
`` we can ' t win the battle against political and economic corruption without fighting a religious war as well , '' he says .
my argument to the countries that are not willing to accept refugees is that if we can ' t handle this the european union is at risk .
more than 250 , 000 people have died in syria in the almost five years of fighting since opposition protests against the rule of president bashar al - assad began .
i think most of it is more of he feels a lot better , so he ' s ready to play again .
but the question also has to be asked : why did they let themselves get into that position in the first place ?
south korean foreign ministry officials attend an emergency meeting as a tv news program showing north korea ' s announcement on wednesday .
that video made the front page lead in the guardian on 4 january , accompanied by a picture of the man , which dominated the page .
he had been pushing for a four - year ban on paying benefits to eu workers for four years , but many leaders and commission lawyers believe such a move would amount to illegal discrimination .
with what we ' ve got planned for him later on down the track i think he ' s better than what he ' s up against .
by his presence alone , there ' s a sense of being at ease , knowing that no one has anything to worry about .
the issue is that there are too many choices and you can ' t always get through quickly to the help that you need .
some of those steps `` won ' t be directed at china , but china probably won ' t like them , '' he said .
that ' s in a country where female participation in the workforce is already very low , ranking among the worst in major global economies .
the agents explain how to take full advantage of the uk . '' london is a country of rights , '' they say .
but even in taking limited measures , by acting alone and against the will of congress , obama has invited political and legal risk .
`` i don ' t use [ this series ] it to push it [ my selection case ] forward , but certainly scoring runs would be nice , '' bailey said .
it is not known what the impact was on the source , nor the findings of a damage assessment by the agency that controlled the source .
the prime minister is thought to be targeting june 23 as the date for the vote if he can secure a deal at the february 19 eu summit .
the mp will escape house of commons sanctions because the code of conduct does not apply to what mps do in their private lives .
`` the united states and our partners , including the u . n . security council , need to immediately impose additional sanctions against north korea , '' she added .
canberra stadium will also host all of the canberra raiders and act brumbies home games in the nrl and super rugby , respectively .
the annual payment for a single person is about $ 22 , 000 and $ 34 , 000 for a couple , with 2 . 25 million australians claiming the pension .
i get on well with her and any time someone in your team changes it ' s not easy , it takes a bit of time .
they will be thinking that if demand is pushing prices up they might end up paying more now than after april .
the met office has also issued yellow `` be aware `` warnings for parts of northern ireland , south wales and south - west england for the weekend .
it follows the news that the abc won ' t be covering any of the event either due to associated costs .
the city should work on ways to make it easier for people who will live in those apartments , and those who live further west , to access the east : the beaches and the university of new south wales .
february 1 , 2003 - the columbia breaks up about 38 miles over east texas on its return to kennedy space center in florida .
the utah bank , owned by the company , has a tiny loan portfolio for a bank of its size and makes very little money from interest .
of course there will come a point where that happens in britain - a decision made by our independent central bank .
`` we would have welcomed the opportunity to assist sir richard in a similar way and are disappointed not to have been asked to do so , '' a spokesman said .
i wanted to tell the truth about the pain , death and destruction europe was dealing with , as it tried to find a way out of the disaster .
as our lives become ever more dominated by technology and so - called progress , we need to stop , look closely at our landscape and appreciate .
' i leave it up to them if they want to stay in contact with me and some have become good friends and some of them haven ' t .
they are without food and are waiting and hoping to cook something today but it looks like it won ' t be finished until the morning .
in an interview with the times , miller said : `` as a society and a government we should be looking at ways of trying to strip back talking about gender , and only do that when it ' s absolutely necessary .
this competitive edge runs through all google ' s work because staff are encouraged to just take work off others if they believe they can do it better .
his idea about islamic state is without violence - that is what we are trying to argue in this court hearing .
i wish i could spend more time with her , but it ' s hard to be here and see her in this way .
but when i thought about what changed my life the most , i realized it was getting married and having kids .
he also pointed to the u . s . failure to act after syrian president bashar assad used chemical weapons on his own people .
and working longer may be more of a hope than a reality , since many workers may not be able to continue working as long as they would like .
she added that her family were not ' old money ' and that both of her parents had been ' in poverty ' at various points in their lives .
he ' s told that ' s what being young is - or , in any event , that ' s what will help them get laid .
and sure , maybe they won ' t eat their vegetables , get a good night ' s rest and vote in every election .
' when you hear john had images of children as young as five , that doesn ' t sit well , as he saw and knew my children from that age .
and we , in four years ' time , took a congress that had been controlled by democrats for 40 years , and brought in the first republican majority because we fought and we fought tough .
the credit card industry is extremely competitive , as you may be able to tell from all the credit card offers you get .
if he is to survive in his post , then the opinion of sir alex ferguson is likely to be significant .
but failing is a good thing if you know it ' s not something you want to happen too often .
they reach you now at the start of the year and continue to touch your life long into 2016 and beyond .
at this time , the vehicle has yet to be recovered , but we do not believe anyone else was inside the car at the time of the incident .
like the debate over guns in schools in the united states and elsewhere , the move was controversial and divided parents and academic officials .
he said : `` it was clear to us from the start that the murder was likely to have been ordered by president putin .
the operation allowed criminals to buy guns in phoenix - area shops with the intention of tracking them once they made their way into mexico .
in mexico alone , an estimated 100 , 000 people have been killed in drug - related violence since 2006 .
the magazine quoted a source who allegedly said : ' it ' s early days , but they ' re crazy about each other .
they ' re both up 1 % , while the other eight industrial sectors in the s & p 500 are much lower in 2016 .
he looked so hot and tired poor old boy , he had a bit of a job to find me .
children were made to perform `` sexual activities `` with each other - and animals - at a hotel , a family court judge has concluded .
when he officially takes over in march , he ' ll have the potential to serve longer than any speaker in the last 20 years , thanks to recently expanded term limits .
`` i ' m all alone , away from my family and can ' t tell anyone about it , '' she wrote .
she ' s obviously in good form , but i think maybe the bigger threats are going to come from within her own team .
the five costa book award winners receive £ 5 , 000 , with an extra £ 30 , 000 awarded to the book of the year winner .
and , as is often the case in india , it could be years before it really sees the light of day .
the government was on track to reduce it from 25 . 9 per cent to 25 . 3 per cent over four years , as set out in the mid - year budget update .
people lie about sex for two basic reasons : to protect a partner ' s feelings or to make our sex lives sound more interesting than they actually are .
`` the match here [ the 2015 australian open final ] was a good one to look at too , '' murray said .
it doesn ' t always succeed , but that ' s because there have been times when the distance between the two has expanded .
as well as something of a taste for wine - she regularly posts pictures of her favourite bottles - she also seems keen on marijuana .
yet just five years after labour ' s longest - ever period in office ended in 2010 , the party elected as leader jeremy corbyn , as far from new labour as it was possible to be .
i worked real hard to get myself to a place where i was very , very consistent for this team all year .
he also had his own youtube channel where he posted videos , including one where he claims that the white british race will die out within 100 years .
an organisation that provides help for male victims of domestic abuse has seen an increase in people coming to them for help .
i wanted to show my 11 - year - old daughter that it ' s ok to be scared but you can fight through the fear .
the uk is also playing a leading role providing life - saving aid to those most in need , both in the syrian region , where we have pledged over £ 1 . 1 billion in humanitarian aid , and in europe .
`` while there could still be bad news for any given species or population , at the community level , it ' s good news , '' she added .
the nurse eventually escaped the collective in 1992 with the help of her colleagues but also did not tell of the abuse she had suffered until she spoke to police in 2013 .
this year they want to keep opening in new locations across the country , giving more australians access to something many of us take for granted : clean clothes .
this morning in the early hours very low winds , now they ' ve gotten up to about 30 miles per hour .
then there was development and growth and i was able to back away some and be a board member with everybody else .
we ' re learning to play without blake and everybody ' s picking it up so when he does come back we ' ll be a lot better .
so what we ' re saying is , if it weren ' t for hotels , there are a lot of crazy ( sometimes in a good way , sometimes not ) things that never would have happened .
the company said he was responding to a service issue for a customer , but declined to release additional information , citing the ongoing investigation .
i like to play under pressure and that ' s why i ' ve come here - because it brings out the best in me .
' i think harry and jay picking a man for me is more perfect than me picking a man for myself , ' she said .
tony blair has said he thinks scotland will leave the union if the uk votes to break away from the european union .
we standing on top of the carpet now and letting you know that we ' re not taking it no more .
and your work life may be getting in the way of your personal time as you ' re the most likely to wish you had more sex .
that could be the difference between them winning the league and being a strong part of the race for a top - four finish .
we have two games in three days against the same team so we will worry about friday once we take care of business on wednesday night .
it is its job and responsibility to come forward with policies that will help us win the next general election .
the claim that disabled people are more likely to get a job if their benefit is cut doesn ' t stand up .
it didn ' t sound so exciting to me , but i thought i would go and take a look .
but you can ' t really claim his final works are as cutting edge as this exhibition wants them to be .
but we know that there is more to do , especially with the serious challenge posed by the fall in the oil price and the effect that will have on the north east of scotland and the wider scottish economy .
us authorities are starting to lay out guidelines for drone use , and a human - passenger drone seems certain to face strict scrutiny .
i don ' t know about you , but it seems like in the last couple of years we ' ve been getting more and more `` holidays `` that we ' ve never heard of .
but he tells the vietnam bridge website that the objects don ' t appear to be damaged , so they may be the result of a failed satellite launch .
we have kept going because brisbane looks the right time for him , as long as we get firm tracks because that ' s what he needs .
you ' re probably sat there thinking , ' look , it ' s not that deep ' , but for me it kind of is .
`` given what happened last week , there ' s a lot to be done to show that the arab world is not just islamic state , '' she said .
it will also effect residents in perth ' s north - east suburbs planning to head into the city to catch one of the dozens of shows being performed in the opening days of the popular festival .
football fans should get a bigger say in the day - to - day running of clubs , according to scotland ' s sports minister .
but i talked to some people , i talked to a lot of former players and everyone said have fun with it , just go with it and it ' ll be a good experience .
we asked for a performance and the players gave it , but we conceded one soft goal and lost the game .
syria , according to that strategy , would hold elections for a new president and parliament in august 2017 -- some 19 months from now .
but if you say `` we have to close this road for a bit for hundreds of thousands of people just to come and have a lovely time , '' it is somehow harder .
but i am a leader to all our children and i believe most people look for the best regardless of skin colour .
she had not been able to tell the time with her right eye in 16 years or with her left eye for about six years .
around 30 million consumers , or 60 per cent of the adult population , hold at least one credit card .
services generated only $ 6 billion in the first quarter , less than 8 % of overall revenue for the period .
however , four of the 26 economists predicted house prices will actually fall by 5 - 6 per cent in sydney and 5 - 7 per cent in melbourne by the end of 2016 .
the department has yet to release about 7 , 000 pages of emails from mrs clinton ' s private server .
the charity is urging anyone going through a break - up and worried about losing their home , to get expert help .
and it ' s up because of the locations we ' re building in and the types of homes , not because the market has let us raise prices that much .
since this is a main reason they exist , you ' d think that they ' d be prepared to have a debate with the president .
there are five england players and seven german players in the box so it ' s no surprise with way the goal comes .
' as such i learned the importance of education and my parents wouldn ' t let me do certain things that were popular in `` urban `` culture .
but he believed in what i ' m talking about enough that , even on a limited , part - time income , he sent me $ 25 to help in my campaign .
she said : ' it was a very emotional moment when rick and i saw each other for the first time after the operation .
last week , house democrats delayed any action , saying they wanted to get the legislative session off on a positive note .
you are the best fans anyone could ask for and i mean it when i say i really do love you all .
i ' m hoping we can find ways to step together in this instead of finding ways to fight each other .
when it comes to cancer , our advice hasn ' t changed - the less alcohol you drink , the lower your risk .
i was going to go out and get lots of inspiration and come back and give back and make denmark a country with female chef power .
officials at the foreign office wrote to him saying an application had been received , and asked for his comments before releasing the information .
`` i totally acknowledge if you ' ve been involved in a dog attack there is that real anxiety and fear , '' she said .
that included last year , because even though the team made it , i didn ' t get to play in it .
if they don ' t look different or have a different interests , what is the point of being there .
last year ford sold only 6 , 100 cars and trucks in indonesia and only 5 , 000 in japan , where it has accused the government of protecting domestic brands .
officials from around the world recently discussed proposals for the first permanent base on the moon designed to replace the international space station .
but while nearly everyone will welcome the idea that huge firms should pay tax , not everyone thinks that cutting deals is the best way of going about it .
it ' s a real positive , but in the end , it probably shows the quality they also have , to have individuals that can turn the match at such a late time .
we are confident that if we do not pick up too many injuries that we will do well in the six nations .
in august 2015 , he spent $ 200 , 000 buying additional shares in the company , suggesting a belief in its prospects .
but i need to win something because now , even when they ' re nice , it ' s a sad conversation .
it didn ' t matter where we lived after that , what was going on or what we did or didn ' t have , we had sport .
others say they are confident that israel ' s security service is better than its european counterparts at monitoring is activity in its own territory .
ford ' s chief executive has told the bbc his company is one of the leaders in self - driving vehicle technology .
we are all labour members and we believe in having a labour government - that ' s what we are , nothing more nothing less .
the fourth quarter was the second straight in which total economic output , also known as gross domestic product , declined .
by contrast , the average amount of salary going on a monthly season ticket for a similar journey is 2 % in italy , 3 % in spain and 4 % in germany .
i don ' t want to say everyone should [ have therapy ] , but do i think everyone might benefit from it ?
boston came top of a list of the local authorities with the most cases of murder , attempted murder or conspiracy to commit murder per 100 , 000 people , recently released by the home office .
' if this was a five day test match , i think we ' re half way through the first morning .
i feel like i ' m hanging out with my friends - my friends that don ' t give a ... about what i do .
but the public ' s right to know is under threat from a government review of the act , which could lead to people being charged for information or told it will not be available .
he ' ll be joined by andy arena , who led detroit ' s fbi office from 2007 until 2012 .
i felt time was running out for me , but i was so in love with sam that i never in a million years thought we would split up .
the latter are extraordinary animals : they can live for more than 60 years , mate for life and have been known to fly around the world in just 46 days .
`` it ' s never easy to be on the bench because every player wants to play , especially when , like me , you ' ve played a lot of games in your career , '' he said .
14 republican presidential debates - and already one candidate has said he will not participate after not qualifying for the prime - time event .
`` the conversations i have had with colleagues in wales , scotland and ireland have been positive , '' he said .
technology analysts and some investors had feared that iphone sales would fall , but apple managed to avoid a decline there - just barely .
there ' s more than one voice pro - law reform and we represent a different point of view on a number of matters .
the coast guard said the bodies of five girls , five boys , 10 men and five women have been recovered , while 10 people had been rescued .
because i believe that ' s the case , you know , often in chicago , and possibly the source of the gun that shot and murdered my daughter .
israeli channel 10 tv showed cctv footage of the incident , obtained from a health food shop next to the bar .
`` each mental agent by itself can only do some simple thing that needs no mind or thought at all , '' he wrote in the book .
the government is expected to set a new date for councils to indicate whether they will accept the funding offer later .
the report comes amid discussions among u . n . security council members for fresh sanctions against the north after it conducted its fourth nuclear test on january 6 .
our base case is for the fed to announce three 25 basis point rate increases in 2016 , lifting its target range to 1 - 1 . 25 per cent .
`` they should have taken us aside and talked with us , we obviously had a million things going through our head , '' she said .
there were only 20 minutes remaining when a man in a red shirt finally managed to shoot at the target .
in fact , ran this list past a friend who works at apple and there were a few things that even he didn ' t know .
i ' ve paid for my funeral and my husband ' s already - but you never think you ' ll have to pay for your son ' s .
it ' s about trying some new talent , some fresh faces , and making a few changes and trying to get our squad right for that , '' she said .
to go out and not drink didn ' t even cross my mind , even though by the end i really didn ' t want to .
so we ' ve got to make sure we ' re a bit more competitive in that area of the game .
one group of people tried to escape on wednesday , but islamic state fighters saw them and opened fire , killing many of them , he said .
an uber driver drew a gun after a passenger said he thought he was going to be sick in the car , according to police .
we have been campaigning now for several years without the financial support of governments to prevent these tragic events from happening .
if we can win the grand final on sunday and qualify for rio , i can ' t imagine things getting any better .
i was always that kid on the outside looking in , and because my dad was a writer we travelled so much and i was exposed to so many more things than the other kids .
like i was born in the state of israel as a palestinian christian , i didn ' t choose that .
this type of stuff shouldn ' t happen , but it did , and it ' s real life , and you have to deal with real life sometimes in our make - believe world .
as we begin 2016 , we ' re moving closer to the real possibility that the race to the white house could come down to a battle between donald trump and hillary clinton .
now , if we fail to deliver them and we have to take a different stance , then that is a new situation , '' he said .
`` if you guys ask one more mean question , i might have to leave the stage , '' he said .
to work around this , he has also implemented an ' enable , ' switch to ensure the button works when it is meant to .
in reality , the target will likely be met mostly by wind , with a smaller proportion of large - scale solar , as they are the most competitive .
nations accounting for more than 55 % of global emissions must formally sign up before the paris agreement can be made official .
the accident occurred on may 17 , 2014 , but the air force only explained the consequences on friday after questions by the associated press , the news agency reported .
you ' ll be going inside two high schools , i have a 13 - year - old about to head into that phase and we all feel so vulnerable .
but you know what , the people of iowa saw through those attacks then and they ' re going to see through those attacks again , '' sanders said .
it ' s been a long build - up , but personally for me it was a pretty big occasion .
the premier league is very important but the fa cup is the greatest cup in england with a long and important history .
a new poll finds that 49 percent of americans say they ' re angry more often than they used to be over current events and the news .
the government backed their plan in october , saying it was a `` genuine expansion `` of an existing school .
women can not walk in and request breast screening unless they are over 70 , when they can request screening every three years .
the company paid $ 19 million for the site in 2009 , but sold it to mr palmer for $ 15 . 45 million in 2013 .
`` when i asked officials why the funding was so low , they said it was because nobody asks , '' she said .
it was not until her waters broke that she realised she was pregnant , and the birth was one of the few times a member of the collective was allowed to seek medical attention .
the attacks on new year ' s eve have shocked the country and sparked a debate about germany ' s open - door policy on migrants .
although he himself would probably acknowledge he isn ' t a household name , we knew his resignation just before prime minister ' s questions would be a dramatic moment with big political impact .
but a video being rapidly shared on social media shows how an environment that seems safe can quickly turn dangerous .
he called the letter a `` common sense approach `` and said it only applied to a `` handful `` of students , out of hundreds .
`` i am adding to it , '' she said , `` but i am hoping that people who buy my stuff will keep it for ever .
police have now spoken to neighbours and carried out ' cell - site ' analysis on his mobile phone to piece together his movements .
cameron was critical , but he did not rule it out and said the negotiations were going britain ' s way .
if you are expecting money back in april , consider paying off debt , investing , or saving for a personal goal .
that is what south africa ' s new players have to do , so by the end of the series we know their names for the right reasons , not the wrong ones .
in a show of confidence , last month the us federal reserve finally raised its interest rate for the first time in nine years .
his campaign announced it would be spending at least $ 2 million a week on the ad , split between iowa and new hampshire .
he ' s your best friend and he ' s been here for you before , particularly last year , when sam moved out .
if that report doesn ' t bring the two sides together , the union ' s elected leaders could call a strike .
but closer to home , a team of 30 students based at edinburgh university are making a pitch to get on board .
as yet we are not able to reveal the identity of the man who has died , nor can we say at this stage what sort of dog it was .
he explained that his family used to be extremely wealthy , but had lost everything in a matter of days .
it is understood the queen may even offer the 92 - year - old a place at her side as a public sign of support for the d - day veteran she has known for more than four decades .
`` i ' m asking the u . s . or south korean government to rescue me , '' kim said during an interview at a hotel in the north korean capital .
`` i think they were sitting there with a glass of red to calm themselves down as i came , '' he said .
only one team can have that luck , but i don ' t just want to get to the final , i want to win it .
right now , it is available for american football games , but will soon support other sporting events from around the world .
no company deliberately walks away from an economy that is the seventh largest in the world , with 38 to 39 million people .
after returning , he lost the 1990 presidential vote and spent six months in prison in 1992 for his role in student protests .
a young boy sits this one out while republican presidential candidate marco rubio speaks at a rally in dallas on wednesday , january 6 .
he also met and married margaret , the mother of his two daughters , who was at his side during every court appearance .
this is the first time i speak of this matter , my attorney recommended me not to talk about it , but i think this is a good time to reveal the truth .
it would probably take stability in financial markets and a better employment picture to make consumers feel more optimistic , the economist said .
north korea is preparing a long - range missile launch and it could happen as early as next week , according to a published report .
she wrote : `` there ' s not much i can say apart from thank you , thank you , thank you - none of this would have happened without you all sharing .
that has little or nothing directly to do with the uk ' s membership of the eu , but it is seen as a very bad background by `` in `` campaigners .
they have invested in the desire for him to succeed so heavily , they are in no position to question anything he does .
instead , he proposed that the president be elected by a majority of two - thirds of both houses of parliament which we , the people , clearly rejected .
the college we wanted to go to rejected us - and our safety school turned out to be the perfect place .
we haven ' t seen signs of a pick - up in the economy , and the first and second quarters could be challenging .
but consider this : facebook will be turning 12 years old next week and it just posted revenue of $ 5 . 8 billion in its latest quarter .
' my wife knew i was transgender when i met her but when our son was born disabled and we nearly lost him , i realised we already had enough to deal with and i couldn ' t put my family through it .
it wasn ' t until the third day that we spoke at length about end - of - life care .
rose said : `` i am a guy with my career behind me so i don ' t have to worry about career prospects .
`` my wife , the business - it is not a separate thing , it is mixed up with our life , '' he says .
`` in short , theory and common sense suggests that people will kill when they can get away with it and when there is something to gain , '' he said .
there has been speculation that the pm could call the poll as early as june this year if he gets the backing of the eu ' s other 27 leaders for his reform demands at a summit in february .
`` if this test is confirmed , it will be just the latest example of the failed obama - clinton foreign policy , '' said rubio .
that ' s normal , and not a sign that you should change yourself , as long as everything else is going well .
police did not know what part of the united states the family came from or how long they had been in spain .
i ' m not one who is always looking to say things in the media but it was needed at that point - after the third or fourth leaked article came out with no one putting their name to it .
`` they told us if you are a muslim , we are safe , '' he then recalled to the bbc .
we hope that as things go forward , artists will be able to protect that identity and they ' ll be able to get the kind of credit they deserve .
i won ' t say no to it now because i don ' t know what ' s going on or how i ' m going to be , whether i ' ll go back to europe or stay here .
and i feel like ... there ' s been an amazing group of performances and movies and tv this year and so to all get in one room and celebrate those performances as a group and as a union i think is really great .
if you need to find any of the removed apps , then they ' ll show up in the search .
my coaches and i always stress getting better and working on all aspects , so i ' m ready to fight and take it to the next level .
they also show that rises in those infections among 45 - to 65 - year - olds have been even higher .
pakistan has consistently denied u . s . and afghan allegations that it gives financial or material support to afghanistan ' s taliban .
a 24 - hour walk - out next tuesday will be followed by a 48 - hour strike on 26 january in the contract dispute .
what do people feel about themselves while they are living a double life , and how does it affect their relationships ?
scientists discovered that around 60 per cent of children aged between 13 and 17 tell up to five lies a day .
`` the first study i began in 1999 , to basically try to show video game addiction isn ' t a real thing , and it turns out i was wrong ! '' he told cnn .
the minimum wage for 16 and 17 - year - olds - less than £ 4 per hour - is `` not fair `` and too low .
it took a year for him to access the relevant documents , which were eventually delivered to the prison library in boxes .
if you try to avoid all your favourite foods and run 20 miles a day , then you ' ll fail .
oregon state ( 12 - 6 , 3 - 4 ) began the half with a 7 - 0 run and followed that with a 9 - 0 run .
the man approached and ordered two girls , ages 6 and 4 , out of the van , then started the vehicle and drove away , police said .
people are more willing to pay tax for the nhs than for any other service , as gordon brown found when he raised national insurance for the nhs - the most popular budget in years .
the women interviewed had neither been informed of their rights under uk law nor seen their contract at the visa application stage , as required under the terms of the visa .
djokovic did just that , improving his record to 36 wins in his last 37 matches at melbourne park , and will next play no .
we probably all know someone affected by mental health problems : one in four of us experience them at some point in our lives .
it would be a dream come true to go the olympic games , it ' s a goal and something i have to continue to work towards being in that position .
he had five field - goal attempts - his lowest mark of the season - and didn ' t officially register a shot from the floor for the opening 10 minutes .
`` this doesn ' t normally happen so close to town but with all these people in the area we want to clear it up quickly , '' he said .
' it won ' t bring her back , i know , but perhaps it will bring a bit of justice and make people realise that she was very desperate .
when he was waiting in calais , trying to get on a truck to britain , he was arrested almost daily by the french authorities .
we ' re obviously looking forward to ... trying to make some progress here on what has been a very difficult issue .
`` i ' ve been nominated twice for academy awards , and i ' ve never lost to a white person , '' he said with a laugh .
i know this is an incredibly emotional time for the family but hopefully it won ' t be long now before they might get some closure .
december 19 : he was described as a ' high - risk missing person ' to the public by police .
and how much should we be thinking about long - term humanitarian aid - like jobs and education - in a conflict showing little chance of ending soon ?
and he had previously threatened not to attend a cnn debate unless the network gave $ 5 million to veterans `` charities , but showed up anyway .
in other words , i ' m going to love you , i ' m going to bring you along , but every now and then , i ' ve got to teach you the right way to do things .
and so , the team of scientists sought to investigate why certain people succeed at these challenges - and why others fail .
he doesn ' t want to answer questions from the men and women of iowa about how his record doesn ' t match what he ' s selling .
on the fourth day of the test match , the journalist was told that all his colleagues could see what he was doing , and they ' d appreciate it if he stopped , which he reportedly did .
they came forward , they ' re not running away , they are part of this , they know it ' s going to take a while and they need to let it run its course .
and , above all , a faith that he will restore an america they feel has been lost to them , and dream of experiencing again .
we are grateful for our fans there accepting us but i think the nba is taking more steps to becoming more of a global game .
for all of us it was just about allowing ourselves to put our trust in somebody else ' s unique process .
i would like to thank all of those who voted for me , my president , my coach and real madrid .
he ' s happy to do little things like write the christmas cards and post - it notes , but he won ' t do it as a regular thing .
we know this because when we first visited forest and began asking questions about donald , at least three people warned us they would track us down and get even if we did anything to hurt donald .
if you have already broken your new year ' s resolve to lose weight , don ' t be too hard on yourself .
she ' s very confident in her game and i think the new things she ' s worked on she really feels comfortable with so she goes for the shots without thinking , so this combination is quite deadly .
i ' ve been given this opportunity and the only thing i can do now is play myself out of the team .
he ' s had a difficult last few years , after being cleared of sex abuse claims and beating alcohol addiction .
`` it is often said that bad cases make for bad laws ; here is a situation where a bad case may make for good law , '' he said .
he gets the big story and goes on to get more of them for the washington post for the next 35 years .
more than half of women who have been in a relationship say they have been physically or sexually abused by their partners .
he said : `` the prime minister said that carbon capture and storage was crucial to meet our climate change targets .
`` any investor should be educated to understand the quality of the asset backing this type of deal , '' he said .
i don ' t know if it ' s about making a statement , but i just want to play well .
now , because of the people i ' m working with , it ' s better so i ' m able to use what they say when i ' m on the court .
there ' s been little talk of wanting to lose games just to avoid being pulled from another division that could have led to a championship .
the dramatic 30 per cent decline in the oil price , after a 50 per cent drop the year before was a major market event of 2015 .
`` it has totally done my head in , '' the dance studio owner who offered him a job back in 2009 said .
then you ' d need to account for the 39 . 6 percent federal tax hit , bringing your after - tax take to about $ 300 million .
' it ' s not just us that learn the lessons , it ' s the islamic state as well , ' said the counter - terrorism official .
this is about preventing that weight gain from happening , which is much better than putting it on then trying to lose it .
`` there ' s a lot of noise from senior figures saying the sky appears to be falling , '' he said .
mr hunt has pledged that therefore 99 per cent of doctors will see their pay protected or increase - at least until 2019 .
he was convicted at the high court in glasgow after the victims , now aged 35 and 40 , gave evidence against him .
the spokesman confirmed that the man was 29 and travelling with a british passport , but gave no further details .
how can we direct that aid to provide more long - term , for some of these refugee camps surrounding syria ?
during her interview on the programme , ms sturgeon also said it `` would be a mistake `` for david cameron to hold the referendum on membership of the european union in june .
but i have some really good people in my life now that weren ' t there before , like rob , the head of security .
he took in all people from all areas of the city - mixed race , black , white , chinese and asian people .
well , he can ' t hire anyone for team george , they ' re all too young to know who he is .
speaking to liverpool ' s official website : `` i ' m very excited and so proud to be here and a member of liverpool football club .
i couldn ' t get my head out of the fact that i was feeling all these things every day that this person felt , you know ?
in today ' s society , more and more couples are living together and plan to get married at a later age .
the property was last sold in december 2005 with a price of £ 150 , 000 which means its value has gone up £ 60 , 000 .
he has criticized clinton for being too close to wall street and in the last democratic debate said the first difference between them is , `` i don ' t take money from big banks .
christie and others point out that obama last year tried to use executive action to allow illegal immigrants to remain in the united states and work .
the development will see more than 500 permanent jobs and 1 , 200 construction jobs brought to the area before 2018 .
there does not appear to be any fire damage on the outside of the tree or a sign of a fire burning anywhere nearby .
but when you are user you are not going to know it [ the system ] is broken until after the case .
`` when we played ireland before the world cup , the ball was in play for 44 minutes , '' he said .
rose ' s main task so far was to deliver a speech in october to officially kick off the `` in `` campaign .
it is very rich and really does speak to what is going on today with the status of women in the world .
`` this is significantly more than any previous government has been able to provide for those affected by this tragedy , '' she told mps in the commons .
virgin australia later confirmed to daily mail australia that the actor chose in the end not to fly with the airline , taking his children out of the airport following the mix - up .
a lot of people have moved in , but they ' ve brought nothing with them , they have no spending power .
she will continue to use the powers available to prevent from entering the uk those who seek to harm our society and who do not share our basic values .
the duke and duchess of cambridge are on a three - week tour of australia and new zealand , the first official trip overseas with their son , prince george of cambridge .
if these payments allow forces to make savings then they should be more open about them so that taxpayers can decide for themselves whether they are getting value , '' he said .
she added that the school board was not involved in running the program , but that students were never forced to answer questions .
as a junior doctor working in a busy teaching hospital , i have been asked several times why i am not striking .
a tour is most likely what ' s coming on 21 january , another show in atlanta having today been confirmed .
the woman said she did not want to move after the alleged rape happened , and only told a few people about it .
we know we have a terrorist threat -- and i ' ve laid out a detailed set of recommendations of what to do .
for those who don ' t have property at the coast , pet - friendly accommodation is more available than ever , although it can book out quickly .
she said other times he ' may have forgotten ' to clock in and asked her to do it for him .
it can provide them with the knowledge and confidence to make decisions which affect their health , well - being and relationships , now and in the future .
this shocking video shows the moment passengers realised the emergency exit on their plane was open in mid - air .
she said : `` i have gone back over everything and asked myself , how did this happen , how could i have done this ?
the reason for this is that you are more likely to view the glass from the top when holding it in your hand .
she posted the 50 - second video on facebook later that evening and within 24 hours it had been viewed more than 20 , 000 times .
i would think it ' s a long shot , but having said that it ' s for others to discuss as well , and we ' ve not really sat down and had a proper , considered conversation about it yet .
a helicopter was used to search the lower parts of the mountain , but could not get up to summit level because of the weather .
he still has plenty to offer and his age hasn ' t stopped him from performing at the highest level .
the european union criticised the speed at which the referendum vote was held , saying it did not give enough time for the public to consider the arguments .
`` you ' ve got to look at every step of the way and everybody that helped you along the way and always remember those people and the things they did for you , '' he said .
the driver of the van , a 62 - year - old man , was taken to hospital to be treated for shock .
but for all the talk of fiscal responsibility and getting the deficit down , state spending under osborne remains far too high and our overall national debt is actually increasing .
donald trump and ted cruz are now attacking each other in what has become a two - man race in iowa - the first test in the long battle for the republican nomination .
`` in fact , they explained the rise of isis and the problem in syria only in terms of the iranian threat , '' he continued .
that financial risk can also become a problem for other world markets , as europe and wall street found out once again on jan .
i am a person of integrity , even though i do wrong things occasionally , i would always own up to those , and take responsibility for them .
`` i wanted to do something nice for her , '' he told the newspaper , in an interview published monday .
they actively want to stay at the front , so they can get some seconds if there is a crash .
nhs england said hospitals will be under ' additional pressure ' as thousands of junior doctors go on strike in the dispute over pay and a new contract .
and they also supported proposals for refugees to wait three years instead of one to apply for family members to join them in denmark .
this exchange at prime minister ' s questions forced cameron into defending the deal , saying it was better than labour ' s failure to collect any back taxes from google at all .
i think when you ' re a good junior and you have the success early , you kind of have to learn it and you have to deal with it .
this will be a big change for the sisters , who have spent most of their young lives in each other ' s company .
new reports indicated that manufacturing is continuing to struggle , with factory activity falling in december for the second straight month in the u . s . and the 10th straight month in china .
earlier reports stated five people had died in the crash , although victoria police later confirmed the number was three .
there are types of players , sometimes the most technical players , it looks like it demands less energy for them to play .
virginia had the highest death toll - 12 - and state police there reported more than 8 , 400 calls for assistance .
when i wake up the next morning , my wife is already dressed and deep in conversation with the little dog .
the damage to sales in america was less than feared - they fell by 9 % year on year in december .
[ barcelona ' s players ] are really good and if you can not even touch them , they can do what they want .
i have said i would welcome a gross misconduct hearing for a chance to fight my corner and defend myself in public .
that ' s something quite nice to look back at , that that victory today still hasn ' t been broken .
when xi visited washington this fall for a state visit , he announced that china would pursue a cap - and - trade program of its own .
but he said friday that french workers shouldn ' t worry that the country will turn into the united states , overnight or ever .
family sources said the german - born grandmother of four had `` gone to ground `` after suffering `` extreme stress `` since being publicly linked to the massive prize .
he can still compete at a high level but it will be difficult for him to string together the wins needed to get a title shot .
public - sector unions will take a financial hit if the court strikes down the fair - share fees , also known as agency fees .
although my husband and kids were a bit nervous as it is such a big part of our meals , they were willing to give it a go .
in the long run it ' s not in anyone ' s interests that in any given area there should be , say , one school that is by any measures better than the others .
the polish government wants to discuss all these things , that seem to be controversial , that the european commission apparently does not understand fully .
so - called `` collective responsibility `` on the topic will only be lifted once the prime minister ' s negotiations are complete in february or march .
' he ' s living on his parents ' money , doing nothing , at the moment he ' s not studying or working anywhere .
`` no matter how many times you do it or how long you ' ve been here it still affects you , '' he says .
it ' s amazing technology , but it means fans have to be careful what they are doing , because they are under constant surveillance , just like the players .
the bad news is that 10 points from six league games is probably not a start that is going to close the gap on the top four - which stands at 14 points .
after they were confident i was being looked after , they just walked away and went back on their shift .
`` their goal was to break us , their goal was to show they ' re stronger than we are , '' he said .
they ' ve put me , and continue to put me , in the best possible position to get what i can out of [ my recovery ] , in terms of looking into the future , staying in the best shape that i can .
she spoke out six months after the 2007 attack in an effort to shed new light on the police investigation .
he was then given back to his mother but about a week later we found him weak , cold and unable to even lift his head .
to have someone in your team with the ability to do that , plus the quality he had in the final third , makes a massive difference to your side .
you weren ' t meant to start there until you were 16 , officially , but i had a friend whose dad worked high up in the company , who put in a good word .
with relatively little value on offer within either equity or fixed - income markets , the challenge is to find the right combination of assets that can provide a decent return over the coming year .
`` we can be the leaders in helping the community , because we are not going to have the problems that other people have , '' ms fisher said .
almost five years into the conflict , syria remains one of the most dangerous places to be a child and millions of children have lost loved ones , homes and schools .
the government has made it clear that the purpose of this contract is to achieve a seven - day service without hiring more doctors or paying them any more .
when we look at them we can ' t believe it , and to have them here at home - it ' s all we could wish for .
`` three australian families have been given the gift of life and that was probably the best moment from all of this , '' marco said .
it came via the federal authorities of a ( another country ' s ) secret service to munich ' s police .
i hope that these problems are not swept under the carpet and that there ' ll be no repeat cases like that of our lisa .
i think i played a good match - aggressive , had some variety in there , it was quick conditions so i ' m happy i came through this one .
she used to be a religious person but finds now that her belief in god has gone as a result of this .
sanders has invested heavily in field offices , opening nearly two dozen in iowa , just a few less than the much better - funded clinton operation .
so that ' s the price you ' ll pay for two lift tickets if you go this friday through sunday .
`` aberdeen had a great 10 minute spell in the first half when they came at us , but we caused them problems going forward , '' he said .
they know and understand where it sits , they know and understand that still playing for your country is the ultimate and they have significant respect for those that do .
the greatest relative concern of the us is nuclear weapons , although only 6 per cent of americans chose the issue .
the one thing i saw and thought it did sound important was the thought that it can lead to cancer in men .
i probably should just go out there and try to enjoy myself , have fun , not take it so seriously , probably like the third set .
it is her first release since her brother , michael , died in 2009 , which prompted the singer to take a step back from the public eye .
`` they said that when the new manager comes in , things might change , but it ' s a `` no `` at the minute .
one theory is that the virus entered brazil around the time of the 2014 world cup soccer tournament , when hundreds of thousands of people were visiting from around the globe .
i am always ambitious in football and i still want to win three titles this season - the premier league , the fa cup and the champions league .
and , we did not think she was going to be here , and she is , and mark ' s just been extraordinary .
they added that all the claims - whether of lost , stolen or damaged tickets - are being considered on a case - by - case basis .
the artists were often well known in the fine art world but they found commercial work interesting because it allowed them to experiment .
i was thinking about my progress in my next period and decided it was good for me to come here and try to be the best i can .
however , a spokeswoman stressed that it had seen no evidence that the suspects had been involved with a high - profile cyber - breach last october .
i told him that we were living in a poor village far from the city and it was impossible for me to get him the shirt .
in our training , i go through the main procedures for getting passengers ready for a crash landing and out of the plane .
i think he would have liked to stay in england because he loved it here , but he thought he must go home to be with his own children .
also it ' s nice if you go into a studio apartment , say , where you see the back of the tv more than you ' d expect .
she ' s a single mother , trapped in a home she can ' t sell because of the lead emergency .
there are many ways for terrorists to hide their activities if they choose to do so , but not all do .
i could successfully fight one , or maybe two , counts , but nine counts and a potential 43 - year prison sentence make clear that the government wants to make an example of me .
that ' s why i wanted to write this post and give as much information as possible if you find yourself in a similar situation .
ms rousseff rejected comments made by her health minister earlier this week , who said brazil was badly losing the fight against the virus .
their arrests are part of an ongoing investigation and there is no immediate threat to the public , the force said .
rather , it is the sum of its parts and some will like the ease of a $ 400 box set for health and fitness .
a lot of people are saying because he didn ' t press charges that you ' re getting away with it .
london is a very exciting city and a fantastic place to come to , and , for me , it was all new and fresh .
`` i don ' t really talk to people here , i just go to central to meet my friends , '' she says .
this is because the view of on google earth is of an old prison , perhaps so no one is able to plan an escape from the facility .
an open verdict was returned on james ' s death after a hearing lasting just an hour in december 1995 .
`` i think that would trouble members of the public because there ' s no reason for that , '' he said .
i ' m looking forward to seeing what kind of teams are going to be going down there to play in the world cup .
those who have money travel to england and have an abortion and those who don ' t have money stay in northern ireland and have babies .
if we lose that and it ' s in our national security interest to consider another option , which i don ' t think is the case , then certainly we would consider it .
despite trying to learn english as fast as she could , when she first arrived wilson could not understand what her new husband said to her .
`` they need to have emergency communication - you need a system in place where you can talk to other trains in the network , '' he said .
you don ' t just feel bad for your teammates and the players you ' re playing for , but your coaching staff .
i ' m not going to give you the details , but i know at least one stop you made that you ' ve never brought up .
i couldn ' t plan that far ahead , and i ' m now planning to see my daughter graduate from high school .
i told s that i had decided to visit some friends in europe over christmas and had thought about taking the four - hour flight to see him .
if isis sees that they have no ties to the syrian government , they will take a religious course and will be released .
obama plans to hold talks with muslim leaders at the islamic society of baltimore , the white house announced saturday .
he said : `` if you ' re black , you ' re more likely to be in a prison cell than studying at a top university .
people are definitely afraid about what mr . obama might do to take weapons away , so it ' s been good for us .
we really are trying to use the opportunity the rugby world cup gave us to grow the profile of the game - and participation in the game - across the country .
they could have tested some middle stage kind [ of device ] between an a - bomb and h - bomb , but unless they come up with any clear evidence , it is difficult to trust their claim .
he was sentenced to a one - year prison sentence and a £ 2 . 85 million ( $ 5 . 13 million ) fine in 2009 .
the deal has been approved by each company ' s board of directors and is expected to close in the second quarter .
the last two of three inmates who escaped a maximum - security jail in southern california more than a week ago were captured this morning in san francisco , 400 miles north of where they escaped , police said .
south korea will review safety at six low cost airlines after the flight was forced to make the emergency return to the philippines .
`` it started off as something that would just open once a month and we would just put on these bigger events but now we ' ve changed it , '' she said .
the very title suggests that the film will be a study in scandal - but that is only partly the case .
`` if we would have never done anything in the middle east , we would have a much safer world right now , '' he said .
when he was exposed in march 2014 after a 42 - year career in 10 international schools around the world , he stabbed himself to death .
for sure , there are things in any organisation that can be done better , and as for tennis integrity i think we have to look seriously now at how we can improve what we already think is a good system .
we welcomed the new year with rain , i hope it will get better for us , and we can return to syria .
what i ' m really hoping for by working on this review is that there will be recommendations that will make things a little easier for people thinking of starting their own businesses .
it is this conflict that provided much of the drama for episode two , which was shown on bbc one last night .
the humanitarian organization said that of the 23 people that died , six were under the age of 1 and five were over the age of 60 .
that ' s down from a four - decade high of 9 . 61 million reached in june , weekly data show .
it ' s an amazing story ; sometimes it makes me angry that she never spoke to us about it .
a 48 - hour walk out is planned for january 26 and 27 and a third strike is planned for february 10 , when strike action will include all care .
in spain , if you are given a sentence of two years or less you are not required to serve it , unless the reason for the punishment is violent crime .
what i can say is that there has been an inquiry that has been in place for some years , that inquiry has now reached a conclusion .
i ' ll teach it to let me know if anything is going on in max ' s room that i need to check on when i ' m not with her .
home construction was one of the bright spots in the fourth quarter ; it grew at a solid 8 . 1 percent annual rate .
i was surprised when she admitted that she ' d started eating red meat once a week to help her sporting performance .
' i got an an email from someone who is big and wants me to dress up better , ' she said .
he ' ll make it tough for me because he has a different game style to a lot of the players now .
it ' s no surprise that david o . russell keeps referring to ' jennifer and i , ' rather than just himself in our brief moment together .
another court filing said the state is not aware of any other witnesses to the shootings , making davis `` an essential `` witness for the state .
every time we got a little momentum , we either made a big mistake on the other end or they made a big shot .
it took them nearly four minutes to turn it off , people couldn ' t believe what they were seeing .
`` up until his comments on monday night , chris has done everything we have requested from him and , like i said yesterday , has been fantastic within the group , '' he said .
it ' s worked well , he ' s at ease with himself , his cricket and also his place in world cricket and that is a great place for an athlete to be .
i was returning well , so that made it tough for him to have a good serve all the time .
`` no , that ' s the one thing i ' d say has been pretty good , '' murray said .
i don ' t think we will be doing any business in january but we need creative players , we don ' t have too many .
`` the specific financial terms of google ' s agreement with apple are highly sensitive to both google and apple , '' google said in the jan .
australia will likely meet its decade - end target even as national emissions rise and may continue to do so for years .
the charity pointed to statistics from the italian authorities suggesting that up to 4 , 000 children had simply disappeared off the official radar in 2014 .
how do i tell my father in a way he will understand that i don ' t want to know the details of his love life ?
though every case is different , manchester city are generally offering higher wages - typically £ 12 , 000 a week rather than liverpool ' s £ 8 , 000 , according to one source - and chelsea , more again .
in november , the school confirmed that two of its former pupils had travelled to syria to fight with islamic state .
`` i ' ve been eating super , super - healthy , '' watson said here last week , her voice full of pride .
i was not simply a person who had been diagnosed with a serious illness : i was also the same person as i had been before , myself and no other .
it was unclear whether this was because he had been informed of the incident involving his father - in - law .
since then , i ' ve been in treatment in order to try again and now , when everything was perfect and ready , this happens !
so let ' s get this straight - the parents go broke trying to help their children out and then the children go broke trying to help the parents out .
he didn ' t believe their one night stand had made her pregnant and appeared on the show asking for proof that she was pregnant .
as you know , they are produced almost like films and we ' re hoping the next one will be about a year from now .
`` i know what i ' m capable of , so when i don ' t perform that way , i ' m always hard on myself , '' he said .
it has only been the effective campaigns run by the liberal democrats that has provided any form of opposition to their changes .
and right now , specifically with african american people , we have some very serious issues , and i think that we have to move together .
the comment comes as clinton has started to talk about her faith more openly on the campaign trail , something she does not do much of .
' i can ' t remember her words but she said we needed to go our separate ways because it wasn ' t working out .
i thought we ' d have made a really big step forward if we ' d played four good test matches here .
it hit the corner of the house just above where i had been standing by the car only a minute earlier .
earlier this month , the world bank cut its global growth forecast to 2 . 9 percent from last june ' s 3 . 3 percent outlook .
mr obama delivered a powerful address in the white house on tuesday , surrounded by family members of people killed in shootings .
this was my main goal that i set myself for this season and i can ' t believe i won it .
it ' s nice to do that , and obviously to go out there and actually put your a game to the test is great .
i had been reading the article today about how 10 and 12 - year - olds are being raped and killed .
the last time the fed raised the federal funds rate was june 29 , 2006 , and that was by a quarter point to 5 . 25 percent .
it leaves a bad taste in my mouth when they are nice to me now and they show all these fake cards all at once .
at a press conference on thursday , mr cameron said : `` i don ' t really want to put new taxes onto anything .
i love talking about things that might not be as high level but are just as important in a football sense .
`` mr sanders ' s success so far does not show that the country is ready for a political revolution , '' the paper wrote , citing the lack of details behind his healthcare , education and tax plans .
the campaign spent about $ 75 million in 2015 , building large organizations in the early voting states and a data - driven operation to connect with voters .
the rangers international football club board attempted last year to remove the voting rights of shareholders with an influence in another club .
federal authorities say he also encouraged a texas man to join the civil war against the syrian government and promised to teach him how to fight .
if anyone has any information that they think might help our investigation then i would urge them to get in contact with us .
' i am really happy with my life now , i have a lovely man , a lovely house , a great job , ' she said .
a warrant has been issued for the arrest of the 24 - year - old , who is due to face court over two offences .
`` i ' d like to tell you that she ' s doing great and is going to beat this thing , '' he continued , `` but i can ' t .
i don ' t know where i would be now if we hadn ' t been able to reach that point , but it would not be a good place .
denmark ' s prime minister says sweden ' s decision gave his country no option but to impose its own border controls .
there are a number of other people in the bus station at the time and we are very keen to speak to anyone who may have witnessed this encounter so we can find out the full circumstances including what happened before and after the video started .
i ' m very confident that donald trump is a person of faith , and i love being around him .
she begins the piece of music with the grand opening used at the beginning of every star wars film when the rolling text explains the context of the movie .
four iranian - americans have now been released , so that shows that it is possible to put pressure on them .
european and asian firms will get a head start , as us sanctions remain in place , making it extremely difficult for us firms to trade there .
the state department was supposed to release over 8 , 000 pages of emails thursday -- 16 % of clinton ' s total available emails -- but released approximately 5 , 500 .
you ' ve been planning your one day a year out at the cricket for months since tickets went on sale in august .
to have them all at one time , i think they have to look at what they ' re doing in training .
`` the time has come for marriage equality - the best way for it to happen is through a free vote in the parliament , '' he said on saturday .
i think that if they ' ve broken out of jail , the last thing they ' ll do is try to draw attention to themselves .
it will give us the first significant indication of jeremy corbyn ' s popularity with the electorate since he became labour leader .
but congressional opposition remains , and some of the president ' s former advisers are urging him to use his executive authority to transfer prisoners to the u . s . for detention or trial .
the bottom line , from my understanding of the process now , is that if there is a doubt about the security of a person , then that person is not going to be admitted .
but there ' s a very clear business case and above all , allowing your employees to be themselves is a human right .
the company stressed that none of the findings related to its arizona lab , which it said processes over 90 percent of its tests .
so next time you ' re picking a bottle in the supermarket , remember - you ' re in the very best of company .
as soon as we can get him back on the court healthy and everything , it ' s going to be great for our team .
other clubs may come to us but we don ' t need money so they will have to increase [ a bid ] for us even to start to think .
but whether he can back up with five sets and then another five sets ... it might be a little bit beyond him this year .
department stores were the only sector to record a fall in revenue , down 0 . 8 per cent for the month .
he added : `` the general consensus is that the video brought a tear to people ' s eyes as it did for me .
the grandfather of a baby girl stabbed to death in brisbane ' s south has been charged with her murder and the attempted murder of his wife and daughter .
i contacted simon for the first time in a long time last year because we were struggling to afford to pay for george ' s university accommodation .
`` i would never want to be a machine or a production company that just keeps pushing out shows , our shows have a heart and a soul and a spirit , '' he said .
he told reporters in geneva the deaths have occurred even though only 55 , 000 people - a `` very small number `` compared with last year ' s record wave of migration into europe - have made the crossing this month .
if we wake at night - as most of us do - then we can feel as if something is wrong and worry .
still , the computer picked up on something about the question itself that caused me anxiety , which does make me think that perhaps something is not quite right .
the 28 - year - old british army soldier has one cap to his name already , won during a 24 - 21 defeat to new zealand in november 2014 .
the investigation was closed last month after council could not gather sufficient evidence to prove a breach in the planning scheme .
now you can ride the six miles from the airport to downtown in 20 minutes for $ 2 . 50 per person .
`` the letter itself was intended to explain the situation and trial a policy that has been successfully adopted by other schools , '' she added .
i can ' t imagine what it must have felt like for them to just speak to me once a week .
if one company doesn ' t pay the taxes then obviously this company has a stronger position in that competition .
we miss it very much , and we always come back at the best time of year which is summer time .
in august 2015 , the united nations said it had received less than half the amount it said was needed to care for the refugees over the past four years .
`` the big providers can pretty much count on a vast loyal customer base and not give any significant price cuts , '' he says .
the clock moved for the first time in three years in 2015 , when it was moved forward two minutes to 11 . 57 .
the budget , which includes a plan to spend more on badly needed infrastructure , is a step in the right direction .
i still saw my dad regularly as he lived only a bus ride away , so i ' d see him every other weekend and in school holidays .
if the idea of the eu was to balance the political and economic powers in europe , the past year clearly showed that it had failed .
the possibility of new music , perhaps even an album , is very exciting however , though it ' s not known if the full band will be returning .
the olympics is the really big goal and to start it off with a national title is really , really important - it puts me up there .
but we do want to slow people down a little bit and have them look at what happens in the communities , the families , the individuals when these accusations are made .
there ' s the variety of vehicles , the nature , plus the people who are like family and they really appreciate my passion .
if we were working in no - man ' s - land without the support he ' s giving us , i don ' t think we would have the same energy .
mr smith , who was believed to have been sleeping rough for a number of years , had suffered multiple injuries .
chelsea are said to have made a big bid for the spanish midfielder in the summer but it was rejected .
we ' ve got to get all of these kids and all of these families the services they deserve because of what ' s happened .
in these cases , it ' s important that lessons are learned so this is not allowed to happen again .
women are particularly vulnerable because many do not realise how their retirement ages are being brought into line with those of men .
if you ' re about to negotiate the financial terms on a new job , know going in you should have a salary request 10 percent higher than you originally thought .
if you ' d like a seat at either restaurant , at least for now , you ' ll have to book a cruise .
we know a bit about what politicians and business leaders think about the upcoming referendum on britain ' s membership of the eu , but what about the world of football ?
i don ' t always understand her , '' he says , before running to join his friends who are playing by the river .
reid said that the group believed there was something wrong with the man , so they said they were going to call the police .
`` this fat makes us bigger all around because a pound of fat takes up 18 percent more room on our frame than a pound of fat , '' she writes .
the number of people out of work in spain fell by a record amount last year according to figures released on thursday .
and he doesn ' t think trump or cruz will stand up to voters ' scrutiny as the campaign continues .
people across scotland have been quick to offer any help they can and the welcome given to refugees arriving in our communities has been outstanding .
those detained over the weekend were not targeted as terror suspects but as part of the wider security alert , officials said .
an uber delivery with a difference has seen a melbourne woman giving birth in the back of a ride - share car in new york .
this will cost about $ 5 . 2 billion in 2020 , when 11 . 9 million adults would be covered .
the mayor of london ' s office said johnson was on course to deliver 100 , 000 low - cost homes over his two terms .
`` i think that as the campaign goes on , i would imagine she will put out more detailed plans of exactly what she thinks , '' he said .
it shows what can be done if you ' ve got a competitive team and that ' s what we continue to try to be .
it is hoped the panel will report by the summer on specific changes to northern ireland ' s health system , but any substantial proposals are likely to take years to implement .
it ' s obviously a dream city for so many americans , i think , especially we hold paris as a dream place in our minds .
he fears his condition will prevent him ever finding love again as he broke up with his girlfriend following the crash .
it ' s different from a grave ; because it ' s a memorial there are a lot of people who visit and there are things on there that people have placed and they mean a lot to people .
the government accompanied this with a pledge to replace every home that was sold , but at the last count , for every nine houses sold , only one was being replaced .
i guess that same person now must have convinced marco that going negative against chris christie is what he needs to do .
the home isn ' t far from the luxury apartment on the same street that they listed for nearly $ 13 million .
they have a lot of good leaders out there , match - winners , the future looks bright for them .
`` what melbourne city women have here , only a very few clubs in the world have a facility like this , and this backing , '' she said .
so , out of respect for my parents , who worked hard to put that dinner on the table , i did .
but she said at the start of her ruling : `` i have not named the local authority and will not name any of the social workers or the other professionals involved in the case .
nearly one - third of the claims involved patients who died , while 54 percent related to `` major `` or `` significant `` physical injury .
a year ago , swedish television reported that an afghan claiming to be aged 15 had beaten and threatened staff and other residents at a home for young migrants .
i was leaving our home of 37 years and a well - paid job i ' d had for 31 years .
it was a shame he got injured at that time and since then he ' s had to start again .
in august 1991 cabinet rejected the proposed tax breaks which were estimated to cost $ 1 . 4 million in 1990 dollars .
in a world where nothing happens unless it ' s on instagram , the # is everything - and retailers are using it for commercial gain .
when i said , `` that ' s wrong , '' he said to me that we were not in a serious relationship .
the supply gap could be equivalent to about 40 % to 55 % of electricity demand by the middle of the next decade , according to the study .
there ' s no two ways about it - it ' s going to be hard to get any decent return on your money .
`` once i was able to embrace that on the red carpet , then it became really fun , '' she says .
i hope it ' s a very good day for me and for him , but hopefully it ' s going to be his last match .
by early 2013 , the financial burden of working on the game had taken its toll and the family was forced to survive on donations and loans from friends .
china is building a second aircraft carrier - but this time made entirely from domestic technology , its defence ministry has announced .
so whether you are a player or a manager , there comes a point where it isn ' t about the money , it is about making your mark .
`` we feel we can stay up but it ' s a matter of small steps , '' said town manager barry gray .
so far the network has had no comment on the matter , but there can be little doubt it ' s caused some anxiety .
for these girls `` families , marriage is seen as a way to protect their daughters from poverty and violence .
just before the lunch hour , a center employee who declined to give her name walked around the complex for exercise .
`` we had an opportunity to make a trade that was not allowed , which i ' ve let go - obviously i ' m still talking about it , but i ' ve let it go , '' he said .
if you ' re not a morning person and your energy levels are low early in the day , then don ' t choose that time to exercise .
its research also found that one in 10 parents were worried about whether they would be able to afford to meet their housing payments this month .
children need and want to be told right from wrong and learn responsibility and the consequences of their actions , he said .
`` the problems in the eu that we are trying to fix are problems for germany and other european partners too , '' he wrote .
the second it that it must be low carbon , and we measure the carbon cost at every single point across the supply chain .
`` you ' re a great champion , great friend , a great person who is very professional and committed to this sport , '' he said .
`` their conclusion is that the only effective thing they can do is go off on their own , '' he said .
an estimated 6 , 000 people have been killed since the saudi - led airstrikes began last march , almost half of them civilians .
we have to spend $ 2 . 5 million of our own money every year , just trying to get people into it .
i give them to you with the certain knowledge that you still have , inside you , all the wonderful potential you did the very first day you were born .
but when it comes to a problem that is created primarily by trauma , direct professional advice is often necessary .
this was the first time they had been found alive in australian waters - and he found two different types .
the government ' s notice of appeal puts the release on hold until a final decision is reached through the courts .
the things that he ' d do sometimes in training ... he could score goals , of course , but his engine was fantastic .
cameron , who spoke to the german chancellor , angela merkel , on monday evening , said he hopes to a secure an agreement with eu leaders next month .
watson passed for two touchdowns in the first half , which ended with the score tied , 14 - 14 , and set the stage for an exciting finish .
`` i ' d hate to see something like that get in his way , '' trump told the washington post in an interview .
for a band in australia being asked to join him on tour , it was just incredible , a real honour .
we ' re going to be very hard to beat when we are playing so direct and with pressure , everybody working so hard and then we win the ball in good situations .
it feels kind of good to be in the spotlight for a little bit , but i want to give credit to everybody else that helped me along the way .
the test caused massive international controversy and was condemned by the united nations , while at the same time increasing tension with south korea .
and i think this is not fair - if i was a guy i wouldn ' t have to do that .
the rain has reduced ticket sales which will likely have a direct impact on how much money the foundation is able to raise .
many researchers believe the moon formed after earth was hit by a planet the size of mars billions of years ago .
13 by extremists in attacks claimed by the islamic state group that killed 130 people at a concert hall and in bars and restaurants .
in a statement , mr hamilton said : `` we know that health and social care is facing significant challenges in the coming years .
labour said britain was becoming the `` sick person of europe , '' while the liberal democrats warned the nhs would `` crash `` if it did not get more funding .
meanwhile , his lawyers are seeking high court permission to serve proceedings on google at its headquarters in the united states .
i always thought i would be the sort of person who would speak up for themselves but it ' s actually really different when it happens to you .
the nhs and care systems will crash if we carry on as we are because the current amount is not enough and everyone in the nhs knows it .
i am fine with anyone giving it the full kardashian on the school run , if that ' s what makes them happy .
i sent an initial email , amy did all the follow - up , and all i had to do was show up for a call .
i had mentioned in passing that i tried to figure it out with my husband , but since he ' s deployed and couldn ' t see it , he wouldn ' t know what to do .
california employers added 60 , 400 net jobs in december , according to state data , one of the largest one - month gains in the last three years .
the scottish government says it would have preferred a uk - wide approach but has grown increasingly frustrated with the lack of progress .
in this case the boy was arrested early on monday morning , but the system works slowly so he was not formally arrested until monday night .
there ' s so many different ways you can use sport as a tool which is a great thing really .
`` what we try is to create a situation where younger players know it is not important to get the highest wages in your life in the first year of your career , '' he ' d said the day before .
an attack by suspected taliban militants on a university in north - west pakistan has killed at least 19 people and injured 50 .
oklahoma shot 62 percent overall ( 31 of 50 ) , including an impressive 57 percent ( 16 of 28 ) from long range .
she ' s a good coach - you see there ' s many people playing football here and they ' re really enjoying it .
in october , she told how she made the decision after several doctors told her they would not carry out the surgery while she was pregnant .
we have met our target , but we used a credit to get there , so it ' s not a sign of any progress to reduce emissions .
it would be lovely if i could speak to them to say that i am extremely grateful for all that they did for me that day .
i ' m sure that because i ' m white and a man , some will say i shouldn ' t have an opinion on the matter .
but we were also faced with fire behaviour that would be doing one thing one minute , then the complete opposite the next minute .
many of her friends and neighbours still don ' t know the story , and she doesn ' t believe they would care .
even though he didn ' t play much this year , i would say he ' s probably the second - best back in the league .
the best piece of advice i have ever received as a teacher is from an ex - sixth form student .
he was also unable to say what the relationship between the two people was , but did confirm officers were not looking for a third party .
rose doesn ' t sound concerned about the prospect of missing games down the line ; he just wants to limit his time in the gym .
i haven ' t had him too often in training until now because we need to really be careful with him .
his $ 11 . 9 million 2016 contract becomes fully guaranteed for injury april 1 if he ' s on the roster .
but with just a year to go in his presidency , obama seems to finally have got in touch with his emotional side .
his path to public service began with his 1999 school board election ; he ' d spend 12 years on the board , eight as president .
in a sentence handed down in a criminal court on thursday , the pair received a two - month suspended jail sentence .
a five - year - old girl with a genetic condition that affects her heart , immune system and sight has been granted her wish to drive a train .
the measures were introduced after the is - led paris attacks on 13 november and then extended for three months .
`` we want talks with the americans first because we consider them a direct party , '' the taliban official said in a face - to - face interview with the ap .
i ' m not saying ' stuff their human rights ' because that ' s not the way we do things in this country .
i am just happy to still be playing professional rugby , many others don ' t get that chance to play so long .
the race then heads south and west before going nationwide on super tuesday march 1 when polls opened in 13 states .
other countries are said to have more isis fighters in syria as a proportion of their population than saudi arabia .
why did we have to wait for an incident when it was really clear in the reports they were saying there was a greater than a one - in - 10 - year chance of this happening ?
democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton has described republican opponents as `` terrorist groups `` when it comes to women ' s issues .
so had that not changed for me , i ' d still be fine because i love what i ' m doing .
he never acknowledged i was any good at acting , and i felt that no amount of success would make me a man in his eyes .
`` we can only drive rapid and significant improvement if we can understand whether what we are doing is working , '' she continued .
a spokesman for the department for transport said : `` the drink - driving limit for england and wales strikes an important balance between safety and personal freedom .
in the united states , there are confirmed cases of the virus among individuals who have traveled to infected countries , including in illinois , florida and texas , among others .
of course , beyond the consumer concern over how businesses are using their information , the survey found that many people don ' t necessarily take the steps they should to help protect their own data .
`` no - one knows for sure what impact a british exit from the eu would have on immigration , '' he pointed out .
we are working closely with them and the other agencies involved , so it is not appropriate for us to comment further on the allegations .
if you want to experience it all , though , get yourself to a small museum , where all hands have to do everything .
it ' s great that this wonderful building is receiving the helping hand it needs to put it back at the heart of local and national life .
any rallies in equity markets this year have been very short - lived and seized upon by investors as an opportunity to exit long positions or short the market .
every point counts , even the one today will count at the end toward safety , hopefully , and that is the only way we can think at the moment .
mr simpson - kent was subsequently reported as a high - risk missing person when officers were unable to contact him since that date .
`` it ' s going to take a huge amount of work and new investment to get things back to normal , '' said barry collins , the labour deputy leader of the local council .
when the 46 - year - old was asked by chris evans on his bbc radio 2 what his least favourite episode was he said : `` i don ' t remember three years of it , so none of those .
but if you ' re leading a campaign , your job is to stay calm and make everyone around you believe that if you just keep doing what you ' re doing , you can win .
mps have criticised the department of health and the nhs in england for being `` too slow `` to act in preventing and treating diabetes .
i know they have everything at the hospital , but you have to ask for them so it is easier to bring them .
the reason behind the 12 - month delay - aside from the unexpected demand - is that there are more than 100 unique parts big and small to make a right - hand - drive model .
in energy trading , u . s . crude rose $ 2 . 66 to $ 32 . 19 a barrel in new york .
he said that if a deal does not emerge at a february summit of eu leaders then he can wait .
the question many people are asking in this campaign isn ' t who will win , but what kind of opposition there will be .
after high levels of iron and lead were found in the water , authorities realized they had a crisis on their hands .
in the past few years , the number of young fish that survive to join the population has also been low .
we ' re at a point now where a top - down policy approach is needed from a central organisation that has that authority .
then i had lunch with a friend who ' d been on the diet and was impressed by the results .
it ' s enough for me to have bread , water and wood so i can keep warm in winter .
that trial is set to begin in july and the state supreme court has issued an order protecting wilson from trying other cases before that one .
among the five men shot dead are understood to be those suspected of providing information on his movements and appearance .
some people prefer defensive football , but no matter what you like most , everybody likes winning , '' he said .
if you do the right thing it can help you grow , and you truly can do well by doing good , '' said smith .
but the work of police officers is full of other types of good work every day : helping the good people in neighborhoods with the problems they have .
police did not know about this conviction when he was later questioned about a sexual assault on a girl in london .
`` when you ' ve had a few children you know , it ' s just what happens , '' she said on the show .
' this is where all the hard work is done , right here , ' lewis says as he takes us inside .
they will have to pay for their own university education , and when they leave , graduate jobs will be hard to come by .
most of these were already known about , but the u - boat was `` entirely unexpected , '' developers said .
so it also shows you that the work is what ' s important because that ' s the stuff that ' s going to stand for years , not an award .
they ' ve obviously turned a corner , putting in good performances and getting good results - it ' s almost like the chelsea you ' ve come to expect from last season .
a second victim was identified as 35 - year - old adam wood , a new teacher at the school .
as president , bush said , `` you got to make tough decisions , you have to challenge things , you have to deal with foreign leaders that don ' t all agree with you .
if anyone gets hot they can make millions of dollars , so the deal i chose was not really the better one , but instead it was a better opportunity for me .
these teams have finished 1 - 2 the previous three seasons and only met once in the conference title game .
`` i think it ' s hard to say there ' s a lot more that could be done , '' hunt said .
`` you just want to know you left it all on the floor , and i think we did , '' the former president told abc news .
not all of the actors - at least not until they got their parts in the new production , the paper says .
one israeli arab was also shot dead after carrying out an attack at a bus station in southern israel in october in which an israeli soldier was killed .
only 12 percent of u . s . private - sector employees have access to any paid family leave through their jobs , according to the u . s . labor department .
in 2013 , us senate investigators released a report accusing apple of not paying corporate income tax to any government on tens of billions of dollars of overseas income .
the big difference i ' m finding this year is because there are a lot more games [ shown ] you ' re able to tell a bit of a story , '' she said .
in eighth - grade reading , los angeles ' low - income students have increased their scores faster than students in any other district that have reported results since 2003 , growing 16 points .
it will be a fine and dry day for most , although there may be some cloud in the west later on .
i have been fighting to give kids and women and the people who are left out and left behind the chance to make the most out of their own lives .
a mother jailed for killing her young daughter has pleaded guilty to the murder of her baby son 13 years ago .
clinton speaks during a post - primary rally on january 8 , 2007 , at southern new hampshire university in manchester , new hampshire .
she continued : `` i simply meant to say that in an ideal world every performance will be given equal opportunities for consideration .
' the stress on the family is beyond words , i can ' t explain how terrible it has been .
stanley , seeing this patient for the first time , says he was concerned he would have to convince her to go to hospital , but when he arrives at her home , his checks found she was doing a little better than expected .
it ' s such a great experience for me and it ' s a role i haven ' t had to do before .
an activist described scenes of chaos at the school as he arrived after the strike , about 8 a . m . local time monday .
as in the first meeting 11 days ago , both managers made sweeping changes - in each case eight compared with saturday ' s premier league line - ups .
it is currently unclear who fired the weapon or how many people were in the residence at the time of the incident .
although industry analysts believe it should be possible to bring back some of that production relatively quickly , more investment will be needed to achieve the kind of levels promised by the government , they say .
it has become far too difficult for students and their families to access information on the entry requirements of courses at different universities .
gray died in april from injuries that prosecutors say he received while riding in a police van following his arrest .
we also want to play a lot of songs live before we record them this time as it can help us better figure them out .
`` it has been a very good run over the last six months and i think he wants to make sure that people are aware of that , '' one senior state department official said .
`` we ' ve had a fantastic holiday season with no major incidents and we had a great year , '' he said .
he also said americans would rise up to support his call for new revenues from wall street to pay for his plans .
on a nice summer ' s day , it is like it happened to someone else in a different life , but when the winter sets in and the dark nights come round it feels like it just happened yesterday .
it is now the third time already that i have been sacked , and i am still sitting here for you .
the driver tried twice to hit the soldiers and they shot at him on his second attempt , he said .
bbc scotland understands that scottish ministers have made a direction in relation to the site and the council is required to send any relevant details and decisions to them for consideration .
in the summer it is going to be hell with people coming down this road thinking it leads to the beach , getting stuck at the bottom of my house .
i remember i made up my mind i have absolutely nothing to lose in this match , and , i don ' t know , i just started playing really well .
he told rose that he tried to approach it the way one would approach the end of a relationship , by focusing on the future instead of the past .
the man can be seen in the footage having an argument with the victim , before taking his neck in his left arm and hitting him in the face .
the old advice suggested that men should drink no more than three to four units a day and women two to three , with a 48 - hour break after heavy drinking sessions .
sanders might be better regarded among establishment democrats than trump is among their republican counterparts , but none believe he is capable of winning a general election .
perhaps he could have picked players up a little better , but it would be harsh to score him badly .
police had spoken to simpson - kent at the house on december 16 , and returned two days later to find the property empty .
`` we did do some good things but we did a lot of things that we shouldn ' t have done as well , '' walker said .
she called police a few hours later after leaving the party , and was hurt badly enough to visit hospital .
he said the government ' s claim that only 1 per cent of doctors would be paid less under the new deal was part of ' government propaganda ' and was not a figure junior doctors recognised .
the illinois democrat said he ' s not even sure he ' ll be able to get to d . c . today , but he ' s been through this before .
he denied he had any discussions about a claim for compensation and also that he was asked ' fairly regularly ' to leave the house when he visited or that he would climb through windows to get back in .
`` i have been a member of the party for 15 years and i am very much interested in how we can assist the community , '' he told the newspaper .
mrs merkel rejected a cap on refugees in her new year message , although she has vowed to reduce numbers this year .
even when he was at barcelona , you could see it was his dream to one day manage in england .
if this is your thing then pick one you can stick to and remember to think about how you ' re going to keep the weight off once the diet ends .
i remember i was just about to get out of the car and then i had to sit back in my seat .
there were gender differences too - men were more likely than women to say that they felt angry about the treatment of white men .
he said : ' i used to look after some of the younger students and he was one i was kind of a role model for so i wanted to lay some flowers , it seemed the right thing to do .
a cancer patient who gave birth early has said she would have made `` some very different decisions `` over her treatment had she known her daughter would die .
no , i don ' t want -- you know , family issues but there ' s no need to go into that .
if you are affected , i urge you to reach out to your u . s . representative ' s office , state and local authorities , or the federal and state emergency management agencies for resources to deal with the aftermath .
but every time he does this he adds many thousands to the people who have to worry they are saving too much .
it ' s been such an up and down two weeks , i was match point down in the first round and had one foot in the plane to germany .
the future i ' d planned isn ' t there any more , so i have to create a new one .
he said watson and other relevant parties would be asked to address the commission meeting before it makes a decision .
i ' m one of these people who goes back a lot - i go to the science museum as often as i can get up there .
`` i wish the same rules that we apply in our country , other countries would apply , '' he said .
the school system told parents in an alert sunday that the protests were being planned by a `` minority `` of teachers .
`` australia will continue to work with our friends and partners to support the security of the republic of korea and the stability of our region , '' the statement said .
more than anything , the outcome of this project has taken the uncertainty out of life for us and the worry of not knowing what was wrong .
' it ' s that five minute rush but they are all parents , they should know about the safety of others and themselves , ' she said .
after hours of waiting , we were completely surrounded and couldn ' t have gone anywhere if we had wanted .
it really does show us that if we ' re not putting those chances away , anyone can come back and take points off us .
instead , williams is set to turn her attention towards finding a way to nurse her body through the australian open .
`` the afl controls the draw , but there are contracts in place and we would be very surprised if there was any suggestion of games moved , '' lane said .
`` as soon as i started to pitch to people , i realised the decisions had already started to be made , '' they say .
they ' ve held the top two spots ever since , leaving no doubt they ' re the best teams in the country .
`` it ' s a wonderful opportunity for us to be able to bring this issue out in the open and get australia to pull their head out of the sand , '' she said .
this trade - off has happened across the economy , but what if it didn ' t have to give up control on players from inside and outside of the eu ?
a queen mary university of london spokesman told the times : ' all panel members at this event were approved in advance by the university .
since the start of december last season ' s top four , winners of the past 20 league titles between them , have won only 14 of 36 matches combined .
a 29 - year - old man has since been arrested on suspicion of assault in connection with the attack .
in cases that are positive , the mother - to - be should talk with her health care provider about options .
`` i promised myself that if i survived , i would do something to help others , '' she recalled years later .
`` i don ' t think there ' s a movie i ' ve been on that i didn ' t think i could direct better , '' he said in 2005 .
in western europe , the company said it noticed a `` dramatic decline in consumer and tourist activity `` after the terrorist attacks in paris in november .
u . s . crude rose $ 1 . 18 , or 4 . 2 % , to close at $ 29 . 53 a barrel in new york .
the first set , you know , i wasn ' t there , but the second and third sets i do think were very close , '' he said .
for years the powers - that - be behind american football tried to hide it , but it became too serious .
i have always believed that you have to have faith in people - including children - even though you may be let down , perhaps time and again .
the gop front - runner also has repeatedly raised cruz ' s canadian birth to suggest that cruz may not be eligible to serve as president of the united states .
the female that won the beijing olympics was 31 years old ... for me , i want to go on and do tokyo because i ' ll be 29 .
a foreign office spokeswoman said : `` this document is a general policy guide from 2011 , rather than a case by case list of countries where the death penalty is applied .
with low oil prices helping to keep inflation low , financial markets do not point to a rate rise until late 2016 or early 2017 .
earlier this month , mr cameron told the commons he was considering the issue `` in good faith , '' and the bbc understands he has yet to make up his mind whether to take more refugees .
`` a guy who was walking his dog saw him and held him in his arms and pulled him out , '' blake said .
bloomberg is taking steps to launch an independent bid for president and is apparently ready to spend up to $ 1 billion of his own money to fund a campaign .
when you ' ve worked with people for four years you don ' t want to see them lose their jobs but that ' s the nature of sport .
to do that we have to be in a position that allows the dialogue with all sides and i ' ve kept all my life that capacity of dialogue .
last year , turkey agreed to take a more active role in the u . s .- led battle against the is group .
i like to look at it and see where i ' m at , especially the strength of field for this week and how many points you would get for a win , so it ' s always there .
the teams drew 3 - 3 in the original game , with the winner of the tie due to face ross county in the fifth round .
there were also videos of a man having sex with a child , aged eight to 10 years old , according to the facts .
that ' s a big jump from last year , when half of all such calls still came in on land lines .
`` i feel that it ' s similar - which is why i have to try to make them happy , because i know where they came from , '' she told the bbc .
on behalf of everyone in the world of tennis , our sport , thank you for who you are , thank you for what you ' ve done , and also what you ' re still going to do .
then , you have a high - fat lunch with protein and lots of green vegetables and the same for dinner .
every new project she takes on is even more excellent than her last and it has inspired me since the day i met her 7 years ago .
`` we ran that story in 1993 and it was on an inside page of the metro section , '' robinson tells the independent .
a significant increase in patients attending emergency departments over the weekend prompted a public plea to only use them only in emergency cases .
morgan - davies said in her victim statement that she lived in constant fear and still found it difficult to trust people or get close to them .
i hope you will experience the feeling like no other before , because that ' s what happened to me and my wife , so i wish you all the best .
you ' re dating a lot of people at once , it ' s my first time doing it as well , so my mind was just trying to catch up to exactly what mistake i had made , if it was any mistake at all .
the french president has promised to bring france ' s unemployment rate down before running for a second term in 2017 .
`` with 11 children , i ' m going to have a tough time deciding who ' s going to the game , '' he said .
japanese authorities decided friday to turn down his appeal to enter the country , according to his son , lincoln o ' barry .
reporter : police say the passenger in the victim ' s car who was injured was treated and released from the hospital .
if you ' re not lying to me and hiding things behind my back then you ' re not breaking down the essential part of being a couple , which is the trust between you .
when the board has such confidence , the pressure is much higher than when they say it is the last game or something like that .
council cuts to children ' s centres doubled last year , and their numbers have fallen sharply every year since 2010 .
the sad truth of life though is that if you want something badly enough you will eventually find someone willing to do it .
he ' s not to where he can get to just yet , but what i ' ve seen in the last two weeks , he will .
all 17 of australia ' s players will get an opportunity across the three - match series , which begins on australia day in adelaide .
the obama administration hopes the court will take up the issue this term and reverse the lower court to green light the programs before the next election , but the timing , should the court agree , will be very tight .
no , because people are carrying around cell phones and are taking videos and showing the world what ' s going on .
today , he was warned for running on the pitch , an offence for which he was removed from the attack in the first innings of the third test .
women with a mother , sister or daughter with breast cancer have a higher risk than the average 40 - year - old .
osborne said falling oil prices would be good for british consumers and businesses , but bad for north sea producers .
a house of commons report from 2014 found that 44 % of those working in tv , film and music were privately educated , compared with about 7 % of the population overall .
since voters who have already made up their minds are split roughly 50 : 50 , this soft middle will determine the outcome .
`` i don ' t want to be critical , but in the australia game they were down to 13 players , '' he said .
if they decide the game is too dangerous for their children , then the supply of nfl players from high school and college will eventually dry up .
but if i open this movie with something you can not believe you ' re seeing , you ' re sort of forced to go into a different attitude .
it was one way of dealing with being a woman in an age when men made all of the decisions .
we will spend the next 100 days leading an ambitious , national debate about how to keep scotland moving forward through progressive policies .
yet a proper awareness drive was not launched until early last year - by which time 13 - month - old william was dead .
i don ' t know if i will start because i don ' t think i am fit enough but hopefully i will be on the bench .
a senior security official at the airline denied that any of its employees had been arrested or were under suspicion , and an interior ministry official also said there had been no arrests .
they are eventually convicted of the crimes , and the final film in the series `` follows their attempts to clear their names .
they were buried by 34 against golden state in november and , truly , their quality of opponents hadn ' t been incredible the last three games - boston , philadelphia and phoenix were a combined 33 - 68 before facing them .
we have had a collapse in the building [ and ] the weather is making it difficult to control the water jets .
it ' s always going to be there - and i think it always will - but i ' ve got the skills to overcome that , and to switch my mind to other things and to focus .
if you ' ve filled up and you just need to pop in to pay , can you leave the kids in the back ?
the court heard that the young girl failed in a bid to stop the attack and was `` physically sick `` at what was happening .
it ' s a three - hour difference , so she always calls late , but she knows i ' m always up late , '' clinton says .
he has no friends or family here in australia , they are all in new zealand , so obviously he ' s doing it tough .
`` we know for a fact that the weapons system hit its intended target , and that the personnel who were on the receiving end of that weapons system were in fact killed , '' he said .
but a senior liberal democrat source said the snp - the third biggest party in parliament with 54 mps - could also be involved in the talks .
i think that win last week has a lot to do with it and i think he is only going to get better again from that win .
i could walk 10 , 000 steps over 12 hours , at a rate of one step every four to five seconds .
after the surgery i was finally going out with family and i felt a lot of my confidence had come back .
a police source said : ' a woman was arrested soon after the incident , but she was released after it became clear she was not the suspect involved .
' our first wedding was a big traditional affair , so we didn ' t feel the need to do it again - we decided to keep it quite low - key with our family and friends .
`` most of the connections between brain areas that control movement and those that control hearing are on the left side of the brain , '' he says .
but after being told the medicine was not working and that she needed to start stronger drugs , she had a c - section on december 11 .
flint ' s public works director , michigan ' s top environmental regulator , a state spokesman and a high - ranking federal regulator have resigned in connection with the crisis .
or order the kids meal instead , '' which she noted is easy to do in a drive - through setting .
`` she ' s going to come back and face the music because she has let herself down , '' he said .
now a new play called `` bill w . and dr . bob `` on stage in new york is helping to change that .
another witness said they saw her wearing plastic bags on her feet , dressed in black and talking to herself as she crossed the road .
and it ' s fun to welcome them home for holidays , to know the adults they have become , and are becoming .
kasich also shared this hard political truth -- people want to be with a winner , they don ' t want to make a winner .
he had given four hours of testimony on those claims to madrid authorities in june 2006 , just five months before his death , the newspaper reported .
that ' s why labour is calling on the government to reverse cuts to in - work support before they take effect later this year .
bbc sources say that one leading option under consideration is an extended scottish six news programme with far more uk and global news .
david cameron is to allow ministers to campaign for either side in the referendum once a deal is reached on the uk ' s relationship with the eu .
`` the message to get out there was to say that we can do fun things while learning at the same time , '' he said .
`` he has some non - life threatening injuries from the heavy landing but it could have been much worse , '' he said .
federal authorities say a syrian refugee in california encouraged a texas man to join the civil war against the syrian government and promised to teach him how to fight .
mr cameron initially proposed the four - year in - work benefits ban for migrants arriving in the uk from other eu countries .
there are plenty of good reasons to suspect that it will be the same old story - and a few that suggest it could have a different ending this time .
`` i want us to be able when we walk out this door to say we couldn ' t think of anything else that we didn ' t try to do , '' he said .
but for the smaller businesses this is as big a venue as they are going to be able to find and is an excellent opportunity to catch the eye of journalists and key buyers from the retailers .
`` if it were the case that without a safe consumption space , people would not use drugs , perhaps a better argument could be made against one , '' she said in an email .
you can ' t expect to have the same wild sex life as when you first met - but desire and sexual connection are what will keep you and your partner together .
they are worried david cameron will try to push through a referendum in june , which they believe will give them too little time to convince the public that the uk would be better off leaving the eu .
i think it is incredibly important that the political parties sit down and agree in so far as they can .
and a third way is to show that since you were admitted as a member you ' ve worked in motion pictures during three ten - year periods .
some suggest that the problem isn ' t the medium but the message ; the ads aren ' t working as well because they simply aren ' t very good .
a baby who died in suspicious circumstances had been sexually assaulted by her father just before her death , a judge has ruled .
he is believed to have demanded the female get out of the vehicle , before he drove off at speed .
the northern ireland assembly has refused to comment on a claim that a number of staff have been sacked for using social media .
she has an extraordinary capacity to take a picture of the world that allows us to see it with new eyes and to see the truth of the world as it ' s being handed to us .
it was a national issue , we were all over the national media for months and months , and the whole country knew what the government were doing .
`` i think our chances of getting back are still there and we will get back but it will take longer , '' he said .
it would be even more likely that interest rates will be stuck at extremely low levels for the rest of the decade and beyond .
`` when i go to america and i talk to them about council housing , they can ' t believe it , '' he says .
he has argued moving people around europe once they are already safe will only act a draw for more people .
we need to get out there and fight our corner , but , yes , i do think we ' re better served within the european union .
government officials confirmed some reforms will be taken forward , but the full details are due to be set out later .
in 2004 , the u . s . government announced a $ 5 million reward for information leading to his arrest and conviction .
and that ' s this international challenge that we are facing , the international war that america is in , even to this day .
if the man in the middle is aware and does his job , then we ' ll get the speed of ball we need to play .
it was a change of approach for an administration , which has previously preferred to keep quiet on issues of security in an attempt to improve mexico ' s international image .
they are very creative so we need to make sure the team are experienced enough to cope with these kinds of issues .
we do know there is a threat to our climate and we need to reduce our emissions of carbon and putting a price on carbon and putting a tax on it is an obvious way of dealing with the problem .
i ' ve been enjoying the ride the last couple years and i ' ll eventually make dating more of a priority .
we ' ve grown used to the idea of space , and perhaps we forget that we ' ve only just begun .
the lakers ( 9 - 39 ) are only 11 / 2 games ahead of philadelphia for the nba ' s worst record .
' we saw the water start to come in but we didn ' t think much of it at first and we just moved our bags off the floor .
`` the standard of football is certainly on the rise and you look at the success of western sydney in the asian champions league , it ' s definitely on the rise , '' he said .
according to this map , in russia people work an average of 40 hours while in australia , the uk and ireland it ' s less than 40 hours .
`` i ' m riding on such a high right now in my football life and i really can ' t wait for those games , '' he said .
you think that this happens in other areas and you can ' t ever say that [ it happens elsewhere ] any more .
the debates will factor in both national polls , as well as those based in iowa and new hampshire conducted and released prior to monday , january 11 at 6 p . m .
we ask that his parents , you see the video , if you recognize that to be your child , turn him in like these other parents .
the australian roster reports on february 4 ahead of their first game against the philippines a week later , but kent is hoping he won ' t be there .
the recent decision of the us central bank , the federal reserve , to raise interest rates for the first time since the summer of 2006 , has opened the door for the bank of england finally to follow suit .
they will be pleased to hear the news today , i imagine , and of course it still gives us the opportunity to produce the renewable energy we ' re after .
two of little ' s brothers contacted by news . com . au did not wish to comment on the matter yesterday .
since then she ' s been able to return to work and to her normal life , claiming she ' s never had better skin .
each show takes about four to six months to produce , and costs about $ 50 , 000 , all donated by fans .
on the other hand , we learned friday that u . s . job growth in december was better than expected .
but if you say yes to 2 and 3 as well , you may want to think about working on ways to change .
however , in his meeting with mr cook today , pope francis added : ' the internet could be used to build a society which is healthy and open to sharing .
there was a terrible event here , and we will get through it just as we have gotten through similar ones in the past .
as a club body we will do all we can to help ease their pain that ' s going to be forever ongoing .
facebook will ban the private sale of guns on its social network as well as on instagram , the company said friday .
denmark was the first country in the world to give legal recognition to same - sex couples , who could register as domestic partners from 1989 .
as the african humans spread out across the world , they came into contact with other ancient humans based in europe and western asia .
the state pension age will reach 66 by october 2020 , with women ' s pension age being raised to match that of men ' s .
cooper , the former shadow home secretary , responded on twitter by writing that her views were very different , adding that the uk needs checks to aid refugees .
you ' re telling [ older members ] now their opinion doesn ' t count , that they can ' t judge talent .
after all , murder is against the law , and they are choosing to ignore the law from the moment they plan to harm people .
the father and son are scheduled to turn themselves in to prison monday afternoon for their five - year sentences .
he said : `` i had already decided that if no reform was possible i was going to leave anyway this summer , a position i had shared with a number of colleagues .
we wanted to finally release the video and share with everyone so you could have a chance to see craig doing what he loved .
`` the case is currently being reviewed and the evidence heard at a recent civil court hearing will feature in that review , '' he said .
now , at the start of this year , i have so much to look forward to in the next few weeks .
however , she could have got away with it if she ' d had a little more faith in her characters .
but got to get out there and run around a little bit today , and we ' ll kind of go from there .
and fears of a continued slow down in china ' s growth has also fed into the collapse in the oil price which was already in free fall thanks to over supply .
police were speaking to the group of men believed to be involved in the assault , with one man in taken into custody .
i have no doubt the auto industry will change more in the next five to 10 years than it has in the last 50 .
so once a day i see her , she runs my business affairs and , you know , i ' m very lucky .
`` i was one of those who landed on the very first day , '' said the father - of - four and grandfather - of - eight .
the interesting thing with my story is that two years ago i was in a worse position than i was in 2009 .
a source told the sun , `` chris is really struggling to master the art of driving and talking to camera , which is crucial .
when the new plan is finally adopted at the end of january , we will ensure that developments in the city are managed effectively with new transport infrastructure , schools , health facilities and other community facilities .
obama pledged during the 2008 presidential election campaign that he would close the military prison , which held foreign terrorism suspects without trial after the 11 september 2001 terrorist attacks .
the trio completed training at red hill this morning and were cleared to travel with the team to sydney later today .
you have 2 million people in the u . s . alone checked out on pain medicine , walking around , driving the same streets as your kids .
`` after that incident , i had to do a lot of soul - searching , '' he told the st george news .
you can ' t claim for these costs if you are working from home for your full - time employer .
she ' s growing up , and even if i don ' t have new things to wear , i want my little daughter to look nice .
as a result , investors expect little growth in the company ' s top line this year and are only paying about 10 times estimated 2016 earnings for the stock .
an aberdeen man who admitted putting offensive messages on social media , including some about a disabled young celtic fan , has been banned from football matches .
it sounds exactly like what happened on the other flight with us not being allowed off the plane for two hours .
australians are sitting on millions of dollars worth of technology , with almost half of all mobile phone users keeping their old models instead of selling or trading them in .
in a second proposal filed this month , the company says it ' s been determined the pipeline will be shut down for months , if not years , creating an `` unusual risk `` for the remaining oil .
as sanders had praised clinton as `` a very good person , '' clinton spoke of the `` respect `` she had for him .
the evidence of unfair practices covered the period from june 2013 to february 2015 - although some believe the scandal dates back much further .
jordan is one of a handful of middle eastern nations taking part in the u . s .- led military coalition against isis .
this is probably because these comments reflect a debate that is going on within the chinese leadership about how to deal with the young leader in north korea .
in response to a saudi letter , the u . n . security council late monday strongly condemned the attacks by iranian protesters on saudi diplomatic posts .
they will have to hold a local consultation at least every four years , rather than seven years as at present .
he didn ' t have enough money to pay the bar bill and his mother had to bail him out .
to maintain the very safe roads we already have , we need to continue the focus on education , awareness campaigns , and tough enforcement .
even if his feed never gained popularity i probably would still do it , because i enjoy it -- i guess that ' s all that really matters .
i think a girl would complete the family but because the boys get on so well , another boy would be just as nice .
we don ' t need to watch football - we choose to - and everything we get out of it is non - essential .
the anti - parliamentary nature of this is remarkable and may account for that moment i mentioned from mrs may .
`` china is brazil ' s largest trading partner and brazil ' s economy will suffer a lot if china does not grow more than 8 percent a year , '' he said .
it is a really big loss not just for the family but for society in general because she has always done good things for people .
he added : ' she ' s a genuine person , she ' s happy for people to see her as she is .
i could go back to my old job one day if i wanted to , but right now i couldn ' t think of anything i ' d rather be doing .
it ' s probably still not going to happen if you buy a hundred tickets or a thousand tickets or even a million tickets .
the former president had two solo campaign events today in iowa before joining his wife , presidential hopeful hillary clinton and their daughter chelsea clinton later tonight .
`` new york city has a huge capacity for these situations , '' he said on cnn ' s `` new day `` on friday .
1 , the plan will pay 50 percent of a worker ' s average weekly wage , up to $ 200 , for up to 26 weeks .
`` people are going to be coming in and out of our state that aren ' t aware of it , '' johnson said .
he said the court had already given the uk government leave to appeal and confirmed it would be appealing to the supreme court .
on the face of it there is no reason why they should not reveal what their assessment of any alcohol problem in parliament is .
i don ' t think it was ... i ' ve never sort of had analysis about this or anything , so i have no idea , but ... you just kind of move on .
and it ' s just time we respond and say this is not what we expect out of a candidate running for president .
when parents reach retirement age its natural they want to spend some more time with their families , and particularly their children .
the two officers who shot him haven ' t been identified but they are expected to be named soon in line with department policy .
trump announced he ' ll hold a competing event in iowa , just three miles from the debate venue , that will benefit veterans on thursday night , and he claims two candidates have already called him to say they want to join him .
one or two inches of rain will fall on the north west and scotland tomorrow , with similar levels hitting the south on wednesday .
during my first week in a new graduate job i set off the security alarm and got the entire building evacuated .
then i got really sad for about two days , and after that i realised , being angry and upset is not going to do anything at this point - if anything it ' s only going to make it worse .
swedish radio said the residents at the home , all aged between 14 and 17 , would be moved to new accommodation for the night .
so i bought a seven - week - old black lab and happened to take him to a dog park where dogs can play with each other .
he was rescued by friends after coming to the surface who helped the man aboard the coast guard ' s boat , which happened to be in the area .
little is believed to have posted a suicide note on facebook , which was taken down on monday following the tragedy .
if you ' re currently with someone and not feeling hopeful about things , it may be an idea to explain exactly how you feel and what you think might need to change .
meanwhile , sea level on the us west coast is largely stable because there is hardly any ocean warming in that area , said the findings .
`` the oil light came on , so i pulled over , then the battery light came on and it didn ' t do anything , '' she said .
at one point the woman hanging out a window on the left side of the vehicle passes a plastic bottle to the woman on the other side .
`` this side has a long way to go and there ' s a huge amount for the guys to play for personally , '' he said .
he said he wasn ' t willing to take the risk to keep going and hadn ' t got the crew to do it .
it ' s also a sign that downtown , where property is cheap compared with other global cities , is drawing the attention of overseas investors .
manchester city and liverpool were the other two premier league clubs in the top 10 , in sixth and ninth places respectively .
they agreed to meet in a championship game at a site to be decided by a committee of three owners from each league .
on thursday night melbourne water ' s latest storage update showed capacity was at 66 . 6 per cent , down 0 . 5 percentage points in the past seven days .
there is a whole illegal city in london of several hundred thousand people , and nearly half of them are thought to have arrived after 2001 .
he asked me , there and then , to promise him that i would carry out my plans to lose weight .
and that it has taken all this time for her to shed her shame and say out loud that what happened to her on this street was not her fault .
we have issues with the way things are going in our government ; we have a responsibility as citizens to act on those in an appropriate manner .
`` it is an extraordinary time to be an australian , but i need to give it qualified agreement , '' the australian of the year said .
however , she did not leave with anything to prepare either of them for even a short stay away , and nothing has been heard since .
we ' ve had the tax since 1991 and it ' s a very important tool , '' she told me .
it ' s the way i talked about my own game , and if i didn ' t say it , i wasn ' t being myself .
it doesn ' t matter who i ' m playing , i just try to go out there and play the best i can .
police said they are growing ' increasingly concerned ' for the well - being of the mother and her children , and have urged for anyone with information to come forward .
`` i lived in my car for a while because i had no money of my own and couldn ' t access housing because i had a full - time job , '' he said .
he was 15 at the time of the shooting and was transferred to the men ' s jail when he turned 18 .
there were so many times i had to turn back without any photos because of bad weather , technical problems , birds that attacked my drone , and permission issues with flying .
sometimes a cup run is the best way to turn your season around , to find the momentum to keep you up .
a 1 . 1 % average increase in the cost of train tickets in england , wales and scotland has come into effect .
the important thing is to get out of this country because i don ' t feel safe , '' she said .
`` as a society we need to make sure we are doing everything possible for the most vulnerable children who deserve to get the very best care as quickly and simply as possible , '' said a spokeswoman .
`` i ' ve already put tens of millions of dollars in there and i ' m not a charity `` palmer protests .
on wednesday night , the people ' s bank of china announced government officials had met in beijing to discuss the possibility of the country launching its own digital currency .
he added : `` it ' s not for sure he will be the manager of a premier league club next year .
' she does hair and beauty and she wasn ' t able to work for quite a few months after and is still struggling .
games don ' t seem to have that at all - and that ' s part of what makes art deep and interesting .
`` the weather is not unusual for this time of year , but could damage homes and make travel dangerous , '' it said .
if you want to live your life in a creative way , as an artist , you have to not look back too much .
i would also like to thank my team , you know , for getting me into this position and helping prepare me for this .
laura is now 37 weeks pregnant with their baby - which is actually a girl - who is due on february 2 .
a baby was born with the condition in hawaii earlier this month , after the mother had spent part of her pregnancy in brazil .
britain can , and should , be doing more to give those kids a place of safety and i believe the vast majority of people here would support it .
that can not be said of wales , who have 31 members of their 2015 world cup squad in their six nations mix .
he is a winner and it is a great boost at the start of the new season that he has committed to stay with the team to the end of 2018 .
in court , the woman admitted she caused her daughter ' s death , but said it was `` an accident , '' reports cbs new york .
sanders also pointed to the huge gains his campaign has made in iowa , where he is now in a tight race with clinton months after starting `` 50 or 60 points behind `` in early polls .
1 hit `` it ' s my party `` kicked off a successful singing career while she was still in high school , died february 16 at the age of 68 .
`` i ' d really like to make the finals - that was my goal coming in , '' he said .
on the democratic side , former first lady hillary clinton and sen . bernie sanders are locked in a close race .
the department works closely with schools and , when necessary , with victoria police to ensure all victorian students are safe and supported in their school environment , '' he said .
officials in california announced thursday that a teacher who taught english at a maximum - security jail has been arrested on suspicion of helping the three inmates escape .
so when i was out of university and out of work for a year , working in a pub , i didn ' t pay rent .
it makes me so angry , they have enough police to protect banks and politicians , but simple women in the street ?
the police have said that on the basis of what they have seen they would have arrested and questioned bell - though , these days , that may be standard procedure .
where shares , buildings or land no longer need to be in government hands , their sale can help ease the burden on already hard - pressed taxpayers .
while universities have access to vast amounts of student information , professor oliver said they still had to act within privacy legislation .
and , following her death in 2002 , the prince of wales was determined to do more than just maintain it .
a victoria police spokeswoman told daily mail australia they would continue to work with authorities throughout the australian open tournament , but would not comment on any operation matters .
but cameron has focused all his energy on benefits when he should have been talking about wages , possibly because he is too close to the big businesses that have held wage bills down .
`` i would say for the media you could have some good news in the january transfer window , '' he said .
there were also plenty who said they were `` fed up `` of politics in general and would not vote this time round .
to play as well as he has over the course of his career , with the success that he has had and the team ' s success , i have a lot of respect for him .
with a tough home life , the thought of being on stage was what got him out of bed every day .
brady threw three touchdowns in that first meeting this year , but was held to under 300 yards and only completed 55 per cent of his passes - which was about ten per cent lower than his average this year .
each team has an outstanding defense , but the feeling here is lots of points will be had in sunday ' s late game .
an island of the coast of florida has come back onto the market , and with a significant price reduction too .
the couple ' s financial problems got so bad they had to rent out their home and move into a flat above the shop and ask friends for personal loans .
i don ' t know , so i watch and stand in front of a line of police that look the same as me .
' we do get some money back , but the point is we don ' t say how that money is spent .
and if that wasn ' t already your concern -- terrorism is the top worry for gop voters -- it might very well be after watching the ad .
he was always around , and for most of the time , putting out material , appearing in movies , being david bowie .
even though you are here , you still have important choices to make and my job is to try to help you make the right ones .
`` if he had completed his education , he would be like any other guy , who works for someone else , who gets a daily wage , '' she says .
however , almost all of the reports from the area are by local residents going about their daily business and not necessarily living near the ocean .
we ' ve talked about it a little bit over dinner , we like to get together for dinner and we have a good time together .
if you can start your trip even a day early ( may 16 ) , you will likely save some money .
he wanted to join his brother and sister in norway but had been stopped at the swedish border and told he either had to apply for asylum there or go back to denmark .
it seems modest at the time , but only later do americans realize it marked a turning point -- that something new had burst onto the national stage and the old rules no longer applied .
it is just an example of how we ' ve still got a way to go , in all parties ... to ensure there is the greatest of respect paid in parliament as an example to the broader community .
trump reached a new high in us polls this week - less than seven days before iowa becomes the first state to vote .
but when we talked to the kitchen guys about it , our people were looking at us like something was missing , like we had stopped before we had finished .
we ' re going to be bringing in people who are going to make it difficult for the board of education to make a decision .
they can fight , as uber is currently doing in san francisco ' s federal court ; the case is expected to go to trial this year .
it is crucial that students know what the rules are and what the bar they have to get over is , '' he said .
i was advised by said professionals from the year 2010 until 2014 , when i decided to change firms before the process was opened against me and with evidence that my problem was no longer a possibility but a reality .
cnn : i ' d imagine that many people haven ' t thought about the struggles of being a single parent with cancer .
but we ' ve got a number of guys who can play through there , so they can ' t stop us all .
i was brought up to expect to own my own property and bought my first home for £ 10 , 000 when i was 18 .
at that moment another nazi came over and pulled my mother to the right while the other one pulled me and my sister to the left .
she was already late on her rent payments , and she would now miss council tax , gas and electric bills , too .
obama ' s new proposal will cover all businesses with 100 or more employees , regardless of whether they contract with the government .
sen . marco rubio couldn ' t help but laugh at his own joke about not leaving the stage , a response to cruz .
british prime minister david cameron is to allow government ministers to campaign for either side in an upcoming referendum on eu membership .
so five years ago i became self - employed , in the hope of being able to take back control of my time .
a person who works in one of the nearby units , but did not want to be named , said : ' it is a real shock .
today ' s new public health guidance comes after the financial times reported mr hunt was pushing for new tv advertising rules .
however , defending his stance on this morning , adam explained : ' there ' s a group of people who would do that - but there are those who come and have the conversation .
the thing i like about him is he is comfortable in a number of positions , you can play him as the main striker or off the striker .
because once congress gets on board with common - sense gun safety measures , we can reduce gun violence a whole lot .
as researchers noted last year , record hot days in australia are 12 times more likely than record cold ones since 2000 .
i was at a conference on women in the law , and it struck me that , actually , the role models will be 20 years younger than me .
people working in busy office jobs are very frequently stressed , and on friday nights they sleep best , because there is less stress , while on sunday night the prospect of a demanding week causes poor sleep .
the dog then walks over to his owner and looks straight in his eyes in an attempt to stop him from leaving .
amazon missed analysts ' estimates for the fourth quarter despite posting a 21 . 8 % rise in sales and record profits .
but m & s said it had an `` excellent quarter `` for food , with record sales in the christmas week .
the middle daughter told the court she was locked in a bedroom in the house on an estate for lengthy periods and would not know what day it was .
i then nominated jeremy corbyn and was told i had ended my parliamentary career in the first month of the job .
at the new york premiere of her new film , the 34 year - old said she was proud to play the part of a strong woman in a western , an unusual character .
`` i was wearing very light clothing because i had been at home , and i stayed in those clothes for three days , '' she told the guardian in a recent interview .
it ' s super hard being away from family and friends but you create your family out on the road .
`` i want to work with the island co . , and i ' m happy to compete for my customers ' business , '' he said .
but critics say that if a man or woman is old enough to potentially die defending their country , they ' re old enough to make a decision about smoking .
but at this price point it ' s pretty good value and is a natural next step for the firm .
i think some of them can ' t handle a woman who looks after herself - they have told me they feel threatened seeing me get attention from younger men .
spain will probably have to go to the polls this spring as well after none of the parties was able to form a majority following the 20 december general election .
four schools moved into the top 25 this week and three of them are in the poll for the first time this season .
there ' s definitely high respect from me and i appreciate some of the things he ' s said about me as well .
`` it ' ll give us more time to talk , '' new jersey gov . chris christie told fox news .
and while elizabeth immediately said yes , her father later insisted that she kept their engagement a secret until she turned 21 the following year .
i expect that was on abbott ' s mind when he decided he still had a contribution to make to australian life .
`` and i think that pressure is quite difficult , because people think , `` how do i choose when i could do anything ?
i ' m also surprised that red wine doesn ' t seem to have any health benefits ; i ' d choose that over other options for this reason .
even as many more jobs have been added , the unemployment rate has held at 5 percent for the past three months because nearly 1 million more americans have begun seeking jobs since september .
they [ palace ] had a clear week to prepare the game , we played against leicester in the fa cup .
in coal these days they just take the top of the mountain and you don ' t need many men for that .
`` new home owners pay a much higher percentage of their income on house payments than they should , '' senator day said .
he should never have been let out of jail in the first place after the first killing , let alone after he left my son to die like he did .
so when he told me about his decision , i was worried as to how i would run the house .
i didn ' t have relatives there , my family wasn ' t torn apart and then divided between east and west .
the 40 - year - old positions a camera and stations herself in front of it in public spaces to take photos of herself and capture the reaction of those passing by .
the firm says it aims to have a production - ready car , which is likely to be less ambitious , by 2018 .
the point about it anyway is that i don ' t think there is any doubt that the operations will continue there .
at first they said it would take around a month to send me a new one , but then they started saying it would be a week or two .
we ' ll bring you all the latest stories and breaking news from across the premier league and beyond as we approach the half - way point .
' every time he came i didn ' t know what was going to happen , whether he would rape me or torture me or murder me .
i ' m 100 % sure it was someone from the pub because at one point i briefly took the money out of my pocket without thinking about it .
i have never supported cap - and - trade , and i never thought it was a good idea , and i was clear about that at the time .
or so i thought before trying to do just that a year ago - a mission that turned out to be virtually impossible .
after the former president ' s event , bill clinton told cnn that while his wife isn ' t an angry person , she is angry enough about certain issues to succeed in a 2016 race that has become defined by voter anger .
if your sleep quality goes through the roof , you could talk to your partner about getting treatment or consider making the room change permanent .
that is why i came here to the uk as i wanted to know what it feels like to be safe again , to have security for myself and my children .
it ' s very hard for me to be away from them and coming home is always something that i want .
i don ' t know if this was the best but i like very much the commitment of the team to make it a good performance .
former new york mayor michael bloomberg is showing signs that he ' s ready to act on a potential independent presidential run .
vermont sen . bernie sanders said in a statement that he , too , would keep obama ' s actions in place if he ' s elected .
hillary clinton is one of american politics ' larger - than - life figures , having shared the white house when her husband was president and traveled the world as secretary of state .
agency officials say typical residential customers would see a smaller change - a 1 . 56 % average year - over - year increase to their monthly power bills .
this is the first film i ' ve done without my parents too , and i think it feels like the same sort of people like funny people and i felt really comfortable the whole time .
well , the thing is i don ' t mind players being crazy , you know , i really don ' t , because i used to be that guy , too .
it ' s god who saved us because these people had the time to carry out their crime , '' he said .
this would mean that no high school students would be old enough to buy tobacco , said wilson , who is chair of the academy ' s section on tobacco control .
that is very significant and i hope people will recognize that in today ' s context , measured against where we ' ve been , that ' s a huge step .
`` i was disappointed , but that ' s football so it ' s good to get a fresh start in malaysia , '' he said .
she was a woman , after all , younger ( by a year ) than her husband and from an educated , middle - class background .
so it ' s not that they didn ' t know what they were doing , or that change happens only because of public opinion .
the actions we are taking today are all in the interest of our customers ' and employees ' safety , and will help us return to service once the storm passes and the snow is cleared .
most of the time when people don ' t get what we ' re on about it ' s because we ' re explaining it badly , not because they lack the ability to see things from our point of view .
it was only ever meant to be temporary - a five - year fix while a more appropriate house could be built .
he has no friends or family really here in australia they are all in new zealand so obviously he is doing it tough .
all of them hope to raise questions , if not provide solutions , in a place that has long been a ground zero for cultural movements .
the guidance marks the first full review of alcohol guidelines since 1995 , although updated advice on drinking in pregnancy and for young people was published in 2007 and 2009 respectively .
`` it ' s about what ' s it like to move through the internet space , searching for something , '' she says .
he wants the work to do the talking and he believes that should he become happy with his lot , his work would suffer .
it was a strange start where we struggled to get involved and we also conceded after making several mistakes , but we managed to turn it around and finish the first half well .
the commission has already written to the polish government asking how its new media law will work with eu rules on media freedom .
i don ' t think anyone knows what really went on , but we will find answers and we will get answers .
for just £ 300 per month he lived in an old pub that had previously been a restaurant in central london .
it ' s not a job -- if somebody said i want you to be a game show host i ' d run away .
i had no idea about the volume of contact , i had no idea and i wish i ' d had a team in place to be ready to support me at the start .
but it was not clear if the circumstances of the meeting were under investigation , or if the individuals themselves would face scrutiny from the mexican government .
but in the philippines , more than 20 , 000 new hiv infections were reported from 2010 to 2015 - more than four times as many as had been recorded in the 26 years before that .
after five games were won to love in the third set , it became a matter of who was going to crack first .
`` you think you ' re fine , and want to be tough , but i can ' t sleep at night , '' he said .
there ' s a huge portion of the country that will never achieve a $ 150 , 000 income level .
earlier this week , mr obama unveiled a package of executive actions aimed at keeping guns from people who should not have access to them .
more than 1 million people arrived by sea during the year , according to estimates by the united nations refugee agency , one of the biggest migration waves to hit the continent since the end of world war ii .
i thought i recognised you as one of my staff , and then realised you must be our minister for the weekend .
you know , i spend a lot of time and a lot of hours , in fact a lot more hours than i spend on this , trying to prevent terrorist attacks .
`` the police aren ' t even here this morning with me to report , because it was such a quiet night - it was like a quiet monday for them , '' she said .
the soccer league insists the city failed to hold a public hearing for temporarily changing the park into something other than a soccer field .
they ' re also , on the evidence here , so dedicated to their jobs that they have no time for private lives .
we don ' t want him to lose his personality , but it is really hard to control when you are all over the place .
sometimes , when i do feel like trying again , it is kind of nice to picture our own child , even if it is just for a day .
sir terry , who continued to front a live sunday morning show , last appeared on air on radio 2 on 8 november 2015 .
it is clear they are a danger to national and economic security and can not be let anywhere near power again .
we ' re so heavy in the spotlight in january but for us the week after the australia open we ' re back on the road doing the exact same thing in another country .
we feel we ' re in a really good position to make sure that ' s not going to hold us back .
under the new system , regular mail will take up to six business days for delivery , two days longer than usual .
it came from a time when i was writing in coffee shops and absolutely no one was waiting for this play .
on his second day as war memorial director , he was standing near the roll of honour when he decided to introduce a last post ceremony that included the story behind one of the names .
it ' s a big season for me and i want to push on , not just in this competition but in the premier league as well .
it has got to the point where people are no longer able to live in the areas where they grew up unless they have some sort of financial help .
a spokesman for prime minister malcolm turnbull said he was not aware of any investigation by the prime minister ' s office to identify who leaked the photos to the press .
they fill you up and provide muscle - building material without any of the fat that meat can add to your meal .
it ' s just emotional and mental stress that everybody ' s going through is the big thing to worry about .
the way i see it , i found a guy i ' m really serious about through online dating - with a lot of travel .
`` i don ' t know if they ' ve had that talk yet , '' the 31 - year - old said .
he was slightly lower , but still clearly on top with odds at 37 % to win the nomination on wednesday .
maybe , but i think the courts will have to decide it , because it ' s never really been decided .
i won ' t live to see significant change but , with the past as our guide , it will be painful .
police said the man did not open the door but insisted that he was fine and would contact the u . s . embassy .
we will stop that , '' trump says in the video before showing images of soviet veterans that was taken in russia in may last year , according to the stock video site that hosts the footage .
but when i drive to the south , there is no feeling of risk , there is no tension , there is no looking over your shoulder .
while this was happening the couple also received a phone call from the company - telling them they wouldn ' t get the door back until the outstanding balance had been paid .
the panel expects reported chinese growth to remain near the 7 per cent target at 6 . 4 per cent , but it doesn ' t expect the growth to necessarily support australian exports .
but the single thing that no one seems able to believe - the thing that apparently demands explanation - is the fact that i am phone - free .
it will be special and when we play them away [ in the second leg ] , it is my birthday so , hopefully , it ' ll be a good moment for me and the team .
u . s . stocks rose thursday as the price of oil climbed for the third day in a row while key oil - producing nations discussed cuts in production .
but i wouldn ' t dream of taking a long journey by rail - unless , of course , the office happens to be paying .
once he ' s all better and the infection is gone , we can release him back to the wild .
' rather than keep his material to himself , he ' s telling those around him he has every intention of releasing it , ' the source claimed .
in a long - term sense , the relative price of a vehicle has fallen by 30 per cent compared with the inflation rate over the past 15 years .
`` we are willing to stay here `` unless authorities agree not to charge anyone , the voice on the video said .
we faced hard decisions about peace and war , rising competition in the world economy , and the health and welfare of our citizens .
the prime minister insisted `` those people in france should be claiming asylum in france `` - pointing out france was a `` safe `` country for refugees .
the officers repeatedly tell him they are only there to get him home safely but the man is so drunk he is unable to tell them what hotel he has come from .
`` i wanted to give something more to the club , especially the fans , because they voted for me in this award and clearly they believed in me , '' he said .
the more i do to the fish to make a ready meal the more the taxes go up , that is the price of being outside the european union .
following the accident five years ago , george , now needs help to do many of the things he used to take for granted like dressing himself and having a drink .
we got a couple of breaks with the goals and we haven ' t had that , but it ' s only one win and one game .
in a decade , his business has grown from `` beer money `` to about $ 300 , 000 in annual sales .
ms sturgeon repeated her warning that brexit would be the sort of event which could trigger a second poll on independence north of the border .
he added that he did not think the russian president was serious about reaching a political solution to the civil war in syria .
a national living wage of £ 7 . 20 an hour for workers aged 25 and over will be introduced in april .
the following morning she even dropped him off near his home so he could walk back , a professional conduct panel heard .
the militants appear to be sending a message that as the u . s . moves out , they will make every effort to move in and take back ground .
i don ' t know much about her , except a few short stories s has told me which , together , don ' t make up a personality .
but in his third season they also became the first team in nearly 50 years to go from a no .
any part of yourself see yourself doing this and get a handle on it and say , wait , i ' ve lost control here ?
after a tough year in 2014 , i think i ' m now established again at the top of the game and giving myself chances .
when social change happens it can happen very quickly - this is what gives me hope ... will climate change in ten years look like marriage equality today ?
for patients under 50 , about 68 percent survived five years , while about 67 percent of the patients 50 and older survived five years , she said .
to get from one part of the stage to another , you often have to go down a couple of levels , run across and come back up .
after his rookie season in 2013 , he showed up to camp the next year with an additional some 25 pounds .
the game has got way too much culture and tradition and history for us to just rock up and think it doesn ' t mean anything .
and are we going to see and hear the same donald trump that we ' re seeing and hearing today or does he have to change his message a little bit for november ?
so to be involved now still , at 32 , and having touched this successful ( welsh ) period and enjoying it more than i ever have , is great .
after his capture in a gun battle , however , the mexican authorities said they had been able to find him in part because he had contacted actors and producers to discuss making a movie about his life .
so whether it ' s green cards or any other form of entry into america , when i ' m president if we do not know who you are or why you are coming , you are not going to get into the united states of america .
but the bigger issues may be about what these virtual experiences do to our minds , rather than our bodies .
if you are going to have a ceasefire , you are going to have to fire up the talks between assad and the league of people who he is now going to have to sit down with .
the city owns the fields , but the soccer league that uses them claims it only learned about the nfl ' s full plans two weeks ago .
`` when you hear someone is loved by everyone , you always kind of roll your eyes , '' his friend said .
kate , you had my back from day one and yes , i did hold on to you longer than i should .
the father of one said : `` i am pleased that the british legal system has recognised that the most vulnerable need help .
you need to drive safely and think of what you need to do when you get there - how to get in , where the key may be hidden , what you may need , what may have happened to the patient .
`` in russia they don ' t understand it , '' he adds , `` because they don ' t know the context , they don ' t know the spirit .
i admit this was not a film i was initially interested in , until i started reading about it and seeing the positive reviews .
obama is expected to talk at both stops about progress under his leadership , as well as an agenda for his remaining year - and the years to come - to keep it going .
that ' s part of what i ' m doing , i think -- trying to bring the message , with little bit of help from nasa and the european space agency .
`` i ' m going to be watching johnson county , where bernie sanders really has a strong base , '' she said .
i ' ll be going to aberdeen where we ' ll be saying more about what we can do to help this vital industry at this vital time .
so it suddenly became this full band sound and , like i said , we just did it live and it was just what came out in the moment really , '' says emma rose .
`` it became very clear to me that i just wasn ' t going to be able to make what i wanted if i took anyone ' s money at all , '' he says .
the test results data will be published annually from 2017 , while parents will also be able to access information about their own child ' s progress so they can establish whether they need further support at home or in school .
but she acknowledged a `` heavy - handed `` approach by some banks had caused `` enormous frustration `` for mps and their families .
`` no doubt that i ' m playing the best tennis of my life in the last 15 months , '' said djokovic .
but i feel like i hear a lot more that people love to watch us on tv and hear him speak .
the review found that the benefits of alcohol for heart health only apply for women aged 55 and over - and even then it ' s in very small amounts , around five units a week .
u . s . secretary of state john kerry has urged china to end `` business as usual `` with north korea after its nuclear test .
if you want to catch a train in sydney ' s inner west this weekend , chances are you ' ll be stuck on a bus .
there has been significant local opposition to the proposals but a petition to reverse the decision to fund the project failed last year .
she said he had converted more than 10 years ago , and her memories of her brother are from when they were children and teenagers .
he had a big heart and a big mouth , and australian fans by and large were prepared to accept him on those terms .
it caught up with him in december when he was charged with a string of offences , including child abuse material possession and access .
' those in focus of criminal police investigations are mostly people from north african countries , ' police said in a statement .
the study found that children born to teen mothers ( 18 years old or younger ) were less likely to finish high school or go to college than their counterparts .
he has been tested already this morning , didn ' t play so many 90 - minute matches and has to show his fitness in the second team .
if you only pay into your company pension scheme , it will claim tax relief on your behalf and there ' s nothing additional you can do .
there is great community spirit , everyone is talking to each other and it ' s been very good actually .
men who don ' t have a potential wife are more likely to get involved in crime , and less likely ever to become part of a family .
around 1 , 000 young men arrived in large groups , seemingly with the specific intention of carrying out attacks on women .
i ' ve had a happy life and normal life now , managed to have a family and i ' m grateful for that .
he is now deemed a high - risk missing person and officers said they did not know if the family of four are together .
we don ' t know where the industry is going , but we do know that every institution needs to be held to account .
ted cruz hasn ' t set foot in iowa for exactly 30 days , and he ' s neck - and - neck with donald trump for the lead here .
it was the second time in recent weeks that german authorities have taken dramatic measures in response to a terror threat received by the intelligence services .
she admits she gets plenty of male attention when she takes to the floor and has been dating keith , who is 20 years her junior , for two years .
i am with george - not his real name , of course - a syrian refugee who came here in 2012 , fleeing not just war but direct personal threat .
liverpool will require championship clubs , for example , to pay the player ' s wages and possibly to contribute a further sum on top if the individual is not given a pre - agreed number of starts .
but there are too few of them for it to have a likely dramatic impact on consumer spending in china .
in a historic decision , the supreme court ruled 5 - 4 on june 26 that same - sex couples have the constitutional right to get married .
this is my version of playing in the future , so my house and everything i have created is used daily just like a normal house .
`` i saw ( little ) about three days ago at the beach and he seemed absolutely fine , '' said one friend , who did not want to be named .
the nhs believes people with mental health problems die 15 to 20 years earlier than the average , but the system is struggling to cope .
from design to banking and civil engineering to film , games technology is being used in a host of different sectors .
we might , for example get it nearly there by five in the morning and then have to take it down and start again the next night .
he also sent a series of threatening messages to the mother - of - three and shared one image with her former partner .
rather , consensus this year could be dead right ; i just believe at this time the odds are in my favor - whether they are right or not .
there are also increasing ways for people to trade - in or sell their old phones , from auction websites to direct with phone companies .
i thank you all , not only for your help to me but the likely help you have given others too .
this leads to feeling lost in the ' system ' and not getting the support we need to manage our situation not only in terms of safety but also effects on mental health .
four weeks later , she returned for her second appointment - and claims that a doctor there refused to carry on with the treatment .
`` one day , after i ' d paid around three or four them , i said : `` i ' m not going to pay your tickets any more .
former secretary of state hillary clinton , pictured here on tuesday , march 3 , has become one of the most powerful people in washington .
but australian open officials on thursday said they planned to continue using the big screen as usual and any complaints from players during the remaining matches would be dealt with on a case by case basis .
i suddenly wanted nothing more than to feel what feeling alive felt like -- to see if i could find that person i thought had died inside of me long before i got to know her .
the message the fed gave us [ in mid - december ] is they fully expect to raise rates another four times in 2016 .
police returned to the couple ' s property that day and broke into the house , as there was no answer at the door , but did not discover the bodies .
she said that she did not think racism played into the nomination process and that the lack of black stars up for awards could be because they have not earned them .
we hoped this advice would help support parents when making the decision to either send or not send their child into school .
according to sky sports , liverpool have followed through on their interest with a firm financial package rather than wait until the summer when they can get their man for a lower price .
scottish ministers are confident that the legislation setting out the school starting age in scotland is appropriate and there are no plans to change it .
six new office starts have been recorded this time , which was the most seen in one such report , it said .
children were made to perform ' sexual activities ' with each other and animals at a hotel , a family court judge has concluded .
we have some of the best women ' s sporting teams in australia and that gives people in the act a chance to experience some wonderful and talented athletes who live and work here .
the point is if you do well you ' re going to be offered certain things and we have to have contracts so we can keep our players .
the next 12 months could be the teenager ' s most exciting yet with the chance of appearing at the olympics a real possibility .
the pair claimed they were connected with a branch of al - qaeda in yemen and were later killed in a shoot - out with police .
because in the last three or four weeks , we ' ve been up against it in terms of travel , and we ' ve some big decisions in games that didn ' t go our way .
we want our schools , whether faith schools or non - faith schools , to prepare their pupils equally for life in 21st century britain .
i don ' t call them , we don ' t follow - up , if you meet someone online , they know it ' s just about the sex .
so i looked at the paper and saw her name , and that ' s when i realized it was my ex - wife .
so it ' s time that somebody plays grown up and then when i see a press release written by a child .
the online service to computers failed again on tuesday , after the bank said that it was back up and running .
she says mr palmer has been good to his staff , but questions the money he has donated to his own political party .
she added : ' every time i went to my consultant i was told my only option was surgery and that it would likely prevent me from doing my dancing .
however , he refused to move and threatened to block the drive - through with his car until his order was filled .
since then , we didn ' t lose until now and it ' s been a really quick rise in terms of our play , '' he said .
`` that park always looked nice and had a lot of potential so i ' d take my kids for sure , '' ms adams said .
on top of this there would be an annual charge which would be shared between the investment company running the fund and the bank .
the single mother - of - three had been at school meeting about child care issues when she became ' upset and emotional ' and was ordered out of the building .
`` we wanted to explore all options because for the last five years we have been a little behind the eight ball because we have been unable to negotiate ourselves , '' he said .
facebook was ordered to stop tracking internet users who do not have accounts with the social network within 24 hours or face fines of up to € 250 , 000 a day .
these buildings are typically 100 square - foot boxes , with an outdoor window to order and pick up food .
`` it ' s work i began in 2010 but it ' s ongoing , '' she told me in an interview in november .
the 20 - year - old is facing allegations of common assault against his former partner , with whom he split about a year ago .
it ' s been a long road back from that devastating right leg injury suffered with the u . s . national team on aug .
david miller , interim uk director for the british red cross , said : `` people are arriving in europe with very little - some with only a family photo and the clothes they left in .
in fact , the first 12 words you speak - between reception and the interview room - could make all the difference to your success .
`` it has to do with the talent that was on the record that they were able to have access to , that they wouldn ' t have otherwise had access to , '' he told reporters .
but right now i ' m really just trying to stay focused and just play , you know , in myself , not get too far ahead of myself .
bloomberg has told political advisers to draft a presidential bid game plan and will decide whether to run in mid - march , based on the results of early primaries , according to a new york times story saturday .
in a much - anticipated speech that focused more on what still needed to be done than the limited set of executive actions announced in advance by the white house , the president painted gun reform as the last great civil rights challenge of his generation .
that in itself may or may not be an offensive comment but it isn ' t a threatening comment in its own right .
over the past few months , he has contacted doctors around the country , asking them to do at least one free delivery and , he says , many have pledged support .
`` you can imagine it happening to a 30 - year - old man , but not to a young child , '' she said .
' you can hear a lot better than regular people , and you can see much more , ' she reveals .
she was in the workplace when she was doing her job , so it ' s a form of workplace harassment if you ask me .
they put 21 mothers - to - be through a battery of mental tests a few weeks before their baby was due and again a couple of months after the birth .
what we try to explain to professionals in the field is that it ' s not the size of the man that means they couldn ' t defend themselves ; often they ' ve got values which means they won ' t hit back .
i don ' t want to ask for help as it does not seem right , but i am so grateful for all the support i ' ve received .
i am beginning my campaign in new hampshire and i decided to do that based upon the process that is in place in iowa and the primary that ' s in place in new hampshire .
so for us , once we ' re included in the constitution we will then have reason to celebrate , but not at the moment .
it grew by $ 100 million to hit $ 900 million ( $ 1 . 3 billion ) just hours before saturday night ' s drawing .
`` now you start looking to see what they actually do and how they deal with their first crisis , which may well be foreign , '' he said .
more likely , the rise of social media and the ability to put cameras everywhere has exposed behavior that has been taking place on fields for generations .
other opponents to eu membership also argue that the uk ' s trade position with the eu would not change much in the event of a vote to leave .
davis is serving a life sentence after he was convicted of two counts of first - degree murder and conspiracy to commit murder and robbery .
right now we ' re 50 percent first - time , 15 percent move - down and about 35 - percent first - and second move - up .
i had a couple of friends who were making music but i think online was just the natural way for me to get heard .
i may be able to give him the slip but i have to say my legs do not run as fast as i would like .
our company is the only solution for the individual who wants to buy a super - luxury car that is made in america .
it only takes a good run of five , six , seven games and getting a few wins and it soon turns around .
one of blake ' s neighbours , who did not wish to be named , said the discovery of three bodies had left her feeling afraid .
i ' ve been waiting for him to walk inside the house , and he ' s just not going to .
i had to climb out of the passenger side of the car and then i realised the engine was still running and because there was some oil on the road , i thought i ' d better turn it off .
if you want to solve problems , you can take the problem , talk about it , find solutions for it and , in the end , you can find yourself facing the same problem .
graham also expressed concerns over his own life , saying said he has been `` feeling the clock a lot `` in the past six months .
china ' s economy is more than 300 times bigger than north korea ' s ; its population , meanwhile , is about 50 times greater .
it was a small place , and there wasn ' t really room for six people , so j . d . and i went to the movies .
it ' s close to where ross and many of his employees live , which is why ross plans to keep the firm there .
the first outbreak outside of africa , asia and the pacific islands only occurred in may 2015 , when a case was reported in brazil .
as a result , europe - based device owners were more likely to have been affected than those in asia or the us .
the intervention made her the first cabinet minister to speak out following the prime minister ' s historic announcement that tory mps can campaign to leave the eu if they choose .
williams , who faces a fine of up to $ 20 , 000 ( £ 14 , 000 ) for failing to turn up at her post - match press conference , has yet to win a match this year .
she told news . com . au she closed her eyes and when she opened them she couldn ' t believe what she was seeing .
they added : `` the current evidence suggests that exercise alone or in combination with education is effective for preventing low back pain .
but a majority -- 57 percent -- of democrats feel that hillary clinton would do what big donors want instead of what regular people want , if forced to choose .
the first , and most obvious , is the expense of treating people who have either been assaulted by a drunk , fallen over while drunk themselves or been in a car accident in which alcohol was a factor .
but last year they put 40 points on us , so we have to go down there with the right attitude and treat them with respect .
`` when it comes to ted , he has changed his position on immigration all over the place , '' rubio said .
after making just nine appearances and scoring one goal since august , the 24 - year - old asked to be let go by the championship side .
but those on the front lines of the crisis say the coming year promises to be difficult unless there is a dramatic change .
`` i certainly would , because if i developed problems i could more easily prove it wasn ' t from my exposure to something else 20 or 30 years ago , '' he said .
i knew that i had a lot higher level of golf in me , but i wasn ' t doing it .
he points out that there is no penalty for breaking fixed protection - it would just happen automatically if they started making pension contributions later in life .
a little over 7 % of americans live in areas where the cold might not kill off the mosquito in the winter , leaving them vulnerable year round .
i have always supported the veteran community and i will continue to do so in my role as australian of the year .
her death at 40 was a devastating blow to her family , her many friends and students , and a great loss to science .
`` for 2017 to be the kind of year it has to be , that 2016 is the year where we give the country an alternative , we give them ideas , we give them solutions , and we run on those , '' ryan said .
the idea that schools are supposed to prevent this stuff at the same time as being under pressure to perform in terms of academic results ... it ' s an impossible situation .
`` this is a difficult but important conversation , and it ' s time for big changes , '' she added .
after 18 years of abuse , 43 - year - old ms williams filed for divorce , but not before her husband shot her in the legs .
but nobody wants to wall off mexico , or round people up , as donald trump and others in the republican field suggest .
when you ' ve been in the game as long as i have , you know you ' re going to hit these periods .
then , a couple of days into the new year , for this to happen is really sad for the community and this place is a community .
they have won 22 of their last 24 games ( including playoffs ) going back to a four - game winning streak to end the 2014 regular season .
and in a race that ' s going to be really close , as we can tell from these polls , these voters will matter .
`` i ' ve seen tens of thousands of buildings over the years and this is the first time i ' ve heard of anything like this , '' he said .
police scotland , appealing for witnesses , said it was understood the damage caused would be around a low six - figure sum of money .
the south china sea is thought to be rich in oil and gas ; more than $ 5 trillion in global trade passes through the sea every year .
if the management can be allowed to manage , then air asia and singapore airlines might quickly find they have real competition on their hands .
we scored three goals for the first time in a while , too , so that might give us some sort of psychological boost .
the older someone gets the higher the chance they have of dying from a disease , rather than something external .
these six or seven individuals - not hundreds and thousands - do not represent the 3 million muslims that live here .
this proposed cut together with the crisis in social care funding means disabled people are facing losses to critical support they need to make ends meet and to be included in society .
when people discover this fact about my life , they could not be more surprised than if i had let slip that i was actually born with a chicken ' s brain .
she has returned to the australian open as the overwhelming favorite , serving as strongly as ever and playing with intense power and focus .
ms smith was caught up in the expenses scandal after it emerged that she had claimed for the cost of the two pay - per - view films in early 2009 , before the main expenses scandal broke .
`` we said we would conduct a fair process , and i believe we have done that , '' mayor frank jackson said .
the more conventional analysis is that , despite winning a significant share of the vote , rival parties worked together and stood down some of their candidates to block the national front winning in any single region .
`` he showed his quality and the weight on the pass that set up the goal was top draw , '' he said .
he would later talk to people close to him about what happened and said he didn ' t develop long - lasting stress problems as some officers did .
a 16 - year - old boy was among five people arrested on suspicion of murder on monday , greater manchester police said .
the basis for the current round of negotiations is the government ' s offer from early november , including an 11 per cent rise in basic pay for junior doctors .
the extra day off meant post offices were closed on both thursday and friday , the new year ' s day public holiday .
however , it said the review of terms and conditions for agency workers could lead to the company making changes .
so far , no suspect has been named , and state police have offered a $ 20 , 000 reward for information leading to the killer .
it cost her in the eighth game when she had three break - point chances , taking the high - risk rather than the high - percentage option with her return .
for him to go down to the home a few times a week knowing that she wanted to go home with him was very hard but her really couldn ' t cope looking after her .
the shift is part of a broader change in looking at gun violence as more of a public health issue and less of a matter of crime .
it ' s a big season for me and i want to push on - not just in this competition but in the premier league as well .
`` but ... be aware that there is still a fire being worked on so people will see aircraft and trucks and at times , smoke , '' he said .
last month he failed to reach an agreement with eu leaders over his plans to block eu migrants from claiming in - work benefits for up to four years .
`` there ' s no doubt that the consumer spending growth figures for the u . s . , europe and japan have disappointed , '' he said .
jackson was offered a plea deal in january 2014 if he returned the phone , but he instead hired a lawyer and requested a jury trial .
`` i myself haven ' t decided how i ' m going to vote , '' mr wilson told reuters news agency .
he said the same could be said for many of the positions he supports , including his recently released health care plan .
the increase went from 38 percent in april to 41 percent in november , according to the survey of roughly 15 , 000 americans over that time period .
having kids doesn ' t mean giving up doing the things you love , just bring them along so they can get excited about them too .
and even if he had known , he said that he ' d since found out that the building was three roads away and he could not have seen either the main or the side entrance .
in the three part series , former workers detailed the complaints they shared with blue bell management , which went largely ignored .
but to do it at the expense of affecting the school day for the children , i don ' t think that ' s appropriate .
he was wanted on suspicion of murder and attempted murder by the prosecutor ' s office , but disappeared shortly afterwards .
the world ' s largest social network today said it was allowing all of its us iphone users to broadcast live .
a jury will hear the case and decide whether the towns carried out a pattern of religious - based discrimination .
here ' s how it works : five years ago a 10 - year u . s . treasury note was paying 3 . 5 % in annual interest .
like most children , he wants to make his parents proud and we couldn ' t be more proud of him .
bangladesh experienced several violent acts inspired by extremists in 2015 ; this is the first for which isis claimed responsibility .
the crisis was affecting a whole generation , he said , adding that nearly a third of refugees now reaching europe were children .
the speculation that ministers might make a claim at the last minute comes after a campaign by labour and the snp for the government to draw on the cash .
amazon says it will take on 2 , 500 new permanent staff in the uk this year , bringing its total number of uk employees to 14 , 000 .
he had denied attempting to murder the child at an edinburgh flat on 17 november 2013 but was found guilty and sentenced in august .
`` if it is being done to cost - cut , i say you can not put a price on the lives of our young people , '' he said .
because it was him , too , it made me even more upset because that ' s kind of the way he plays .
in january , she published a 30 - page e - book about her weight loss journey , which she sold for $ 13 on her website .
those questions , in the end , will probably matter more to the outcome than all the headlines between now and election day .
any people that are with him are qualified so if there is a problem we can get him out of trouble .
three people in new york city , including one pregnant woman , have been diagnosed with the virus , health officials said thursday .
in an important year the gun issue can shift five per cent of the voters , making it a 50 / 50 race .
`` no , not that one , '' a manager told me when i attempted to take an instagram of an attractive fish in the live tank .
mr palmer challenged the federal and state governments to match the $ 250 million he has promised but said `` they won ' t because they don ' t care about the workforce in queensland .
`` one always has at the back of one ' s mind that you would never have to go , but in those four minutes there is no telling what you were thinking , '' he said .
he has been a resident in the uk since 2009 but never paid any tax in this country , claiming he was not sure of his status here .
`` that ' s always a thought in the back of my head , '' he said , adding , `` that ' s always a factor .
the taxi driver , a 35 - year - old man , was trapped by his legs for more than an hour .
the facts are we are an american company and that is where we pay the majority of our taxes , that is where we make the majority of our profits .
turkey , which shares borders with syria and iraq , has close to 4 million refugees , the vast majority living in camps .
`` when we first found that , that it ' s in the opposite direction , we thought that ' s just wrong , that can ' t be right , '' brown said .
and as long as i ' m there i ' ll be doing everything i possibly can to help get the club get back in the football league .
under that scenario , it wouldn ' t be long before the track would be turned into a residential or retail development .
so look for the new ben carson at the next two republican presidential debates , scheduled for january 14 in south carolina and january 28 in iowa .
' after being seriously ill , as a family , we decided we weren ' t going to have any more children , ' kim explained .
the authorities agree with the prime minister ' s estimate that a 10 per cent pay rise would mean an 18 per cent increase in the domestic rate .
in november 2015 , suicide bombings and shootings by islamist extremists left 130 people dead in paris and many more injured .
dr oliver said australia already had a `` quite progressive `` tax system , with 17 per cent of taxpayers paying 63 per cent of income tax revenue raised .
and i want to be careful how i say this , because i don ' t think there can be enough conversation about sexual assault at all .
paul acknowledged that with trump ' s absence , he will spend much of his time going after rival texas sen . ted cruz .
you should celebrate it more in your mind than in the real world but it ' s football and you should not waste opportunities to win something .
it was the result of new identity checks brought in by sweden at midnight on sunday in a crackdown on refugees .
they ask the companies they say to stop the ads multiple times but they never did so , of course , guy , now the big question is will this go before a jury or will there be a settlement .
german officials also have long stressed the importance of making sure that migrants who don ' t gain asylum leave the country .
in the event there was no further action needed , but if the school and police had not acted then they would have been failing in their duty to respond to concerns .
he is not that guy who stands up and speaks too much but every time he says something it is just straight to the point .
but , then again , it might be because there ' s no local team playing in the rose bowl this year .
it ' s true that australians , like everyone else , make their living by producing goods and services and selling them to other people .
police arrested 75 , 000 fewer people in england and wales than the previous year , according to official figures .
but these measures were more or less the extent of the practical response taken by the british government today , despite the far - reaching implications of sir robert ' s findings .
we have every reason to expect that , with a newly discovered planet , there should be new , world - changing technology .
kim is seeking to rally pride in an explosion viewed with outrage by much of the world to boost his domestic political goals .
we have a fantastic team , with strength and depth , and we ' re looking to go out and win this weekend .
despite this ... many hundreds of thousands of passengers who are entitled to make a claim but have not yet done so .
to really know what they do would take the kinds of studies we can ' t actually run in real life .
given the volume and the fact that some claims may require further information from the players involved , the process will take time .
i don ' t think it ' s a problem of who you ' re picking as much as it is : how many options are available to minorities in film , particularly in quality films ?
if the results are as good as he claims , i suggest , why haven ' t other people picked up on his system ?
we always felt he was innocent , but the problem is he ' s 69 years old and in jail .
an application to the fund must be made within 12 weeks of the date of the first damage caused by the disaster , meaning that time is running out for the uk to gain access to the money .
a senior eu official has threatened legal action against poland ' s new conservative government over its controversial media law .
although she carried out the crime with her boyfriend , he managed to escape from the police leaving her to take the blame alone .
he has previously said he would like to see earnings growth at above 3 % a year before rates are increased .
i don ' t want to end up there , but you know some of that stuff is out of your control .
when someone gets leave to stay in the uk they generally have 28 days to find their own accommodation , get a job or apply for interim benefits , all of which first requires a bank account .
`` i then got my speech out and held up another note that read `` trip over , '' and explained that they could blame mike for that .
the rams had the 10th pick in the 2015 draft , and they used it on a running back coming off major knee surgery .
but a judge ruled their terms were too short under federal law and ordered them back to prison for about four years each .
at least two women were sexually assaulted by their spanish host - and the barcelona man was jailed for 12 years as a result of the attacks .
british officials said on thursday that there was still no agreement but they hoped the geneva session would go ahead early next week .
like the rest of europe , sweden has been struggling with the continent ' s biggest migration crisis since the second world war .
the republican and democratic candidates face their first real test in just over a week , when iowa becomes the first state to make its choice of nominee .
speaking about the festival in march 2014 , he said : ' i was always known as the fat funny one but i never realised how big i was until i saw this picture .
`` we spoke about my legacy and coming back to the club when i finish , but the most important thing now is to get us up the league , '' he said .
he said he ' ll ask his lawyer to have the charge dismissed in light of friday ' s verdict .
he missed time with injuries to his back , left hip and right core but is expected to be completely healthy close to the start of spring training .
i just knew he wasn ' t well , because the doctors said that before his operation he talked about the children to them .
her colleague , who is filming the shocking scene , asks : ' how do you feel that you ' ve just done that ?
these few words attempt to explain his appeal to me and millions of others , the 10 reasons why bowie matters .
the `` system has failed `` after the main suspect from a so - called islamic state video fled the uk while on police bail , the shadow home secretary has told mps .
in a really special time of your life , marriage perhaps , marriage and birth all those things really have to be special .
in november alone , the retailer reported a net loss of $ 14 . 5 million , according to its monthly operating report .
' i hear people use it , and i wonder if they know that it came from her , ' she says .
it ' s very rare ... someone stops and does something so kind and we need more people like that in the world .
however , the madrid clubs will not be able to register players this summer if their appeals are rejected before the window opens .
when mrs allen refused to do so , he took matters into his own hands and challenged the woman himself .
i know for certain that i am going to be hearing from quite a few pleased parents once this news is made public !
if i do all the right things and get to my goals short term that will help me get there .
the investigation will add weight to growing concerns about patient safety , which has again come under the spotlight in recent weeks following a controversial change in eu rules .
when the poll was conducted in early january , sanders had a four - point lead over his rival , 50 percent to 46 percent .
if there ' s one aid organization that seems to be doing many of the right things to protect its workers , it ' s the one that has a reputation as `` first in and last out , '' the international committee of the red cross .
we have specialist officers providing ongoing support to daniel ' s family and i would ask for anyone who has information that could assist this police investigation to please get in touch and tell us what they know .
a british drone had taken part of the strike , but it was an american drone that fired the fatal missiles , a u . s . defense official said in november .
but for the first time , i do think we are getting really close , to the point where we are actually now ready to change the way we think about indigenous issues because finally there is political will to address the question of constitutional recognition .
foreign visitors and short - term migrants cost the nhs up to £ 2 billion a year , according to an official report published in 2013 .
the fire service were trying to do their best , but as we walked out they moved away from us , out in to the current .
the man ' s injuries were described as `` life threatening `` while the boy is in a stable condition .
`` they thought he was drunk and said , `` let ' s just call the law and let them deal with it , '' '' reid said .
to do this i set some ground rules : the product must be made in china or majority owned by a chinese company / investor .
the ticket , issued last year , was for £ 50 , but the man qualified for an early payment rate of £ 25 , putting him in profit once the compensation came in .
there may be the odd occasion that happens but i don ' t think it will have much of an impact .
in america as in china , the market for all sorts of low - cost dining is getting ever more competitive .
russia began carrying out its own air strikes in syria in september 2015 after a request from syrian president bashar al - assad .
all owners will meet in houston next week and are expected to vote on whether to allow any of the teams to move .
in fact , a couple of us there , we often sit down and talk about these very issues with mr . trump , so i ' m not in any doubt about the depth of donald trump ' s faith .
in fact , cruz ' s recent rally around a border fence isn ' t the first time the senator has mentioned it .
they come as france remains on edge and under a state of emergency after islamic extremist attacks around paris in november that killed 130 people .
`` he ' s unique and is just one of those rare kids who is able to pick things up relatively easily , '' he said .
mr corbyn ' s relatively radical position on the left of british politics led some to joke that perhaps he had simply decided to speak what was on his mind .
a critical reason why iraqi forces broke in the face of is advance in 2014 was that many officers were the first to run .
she also pleaded guilty to five counts of sexual activity with a child , again while in a position of trust .
the 24 - year - old made his italy debut against england in august 2012 and has played six times for the national team , scoring once .
`` you don ' t get these moments very often and it would be a real shame if both clubs couldn ' t share in it , '' thomas said .
' i didn ' t want to spend time on that because in my mind i knew it wasn ' t going to be pretty .
i had the impression , as with trump , that i had traveled many hundreds of miles to look at a man ' s hair .
the school , he will add , is `` not a rich school ; many families in the area are struggling on a day - to - day basis .
but it ' s time to send some of them back into the world , for someone else to enjoy , as i have .
the crowd was fantastic today and hopefully for the rest of the season we can give the supporters a lot of joy , '' he said .
canada and three other countries - australia , the united states and new zealand - were the only nations to vote against the un indigenous text in 2007 .
if we go back , they ' ll put us in the prison and do the bad things they did before .
the region accounts for three per cent of australia ' s wine production , but approximately 20 per cent of the premium market .
the treatment will first have to be confirmed in several animal trials before drugs for human use can be developed .
it ' s getting into my wedding suit that ' s the challenge , '' explains the 67 - year - old on twitter .
it also places the `` right `` of the man to make a sexual advance over the woman ' s right to be comfortable in her workplace .
the service said it has an `` infrastructure that is not ideal as a banking platform , '' and cited a decline in visits to post offices .
as i work from home and need a home office , i decided to move out back to my parents `` house .
the gap between the two proposals is greater than the annual emissions of most medium - sized european countries , and privately confirmed by eu officials .
when i look around the table it ' s generally 50 or 60 - year - old men calling the shots .
`` if you turn on your tv over the last few weeks , it ' s one ad after another after another , '' said andrew smith , a university of new hampshire professor .
little ' s final violent act is said to have come as a shock to those who knew him but it ' s understood signs of his troubled mind had emerged in recent years .
all three are different options and all three are desperate for it to be them who gets selected , '' said cook .
i ' ve been playing fantastic tennis the last month , continuing what i did last 2015 , so i ' m very pleased .
under its terms , multi - national companies will have to tell the country they operate in what they make in that nation and how much tax they pay .
it is understood the family had moved to australia from overseas in recent years and settled in sydney ' s west .
she says earlier she had heard that her father had been taken to the hospital , and just prior that night she had broken up with her boyfriend of two years .
clinton responded to the man by saying she has `` just as much passion and just as much frustration `` with wall street and that her `` proposal is a better way of dealing `` with the industry .
the other night i watched a girl rushed into the emergency department with a severe head injury after an accident .
`` for me , it ' s like you ' re reading a book and you just turn the page , '' she said .
i work hard and make an honest living but to them i have made nothing of myself and have let my degree in film and theatre go to waste .
it should go without saying that if you think you might have depression or anxiety ( or you know you do and it ' s not currently well - managed ) you should get it treated .
i found it really hard trying to get angry and competitive , because i have played with them for so long .
i can ' t get back to that article now ; it ' s been more than a year since i had access to the internet .
at the same time , it has also been made very clear over the past few weeks how the leading clubs still regard him as a manager for the middle order .
mr johnson once served as shadow culture minister in opposition , but was sacked by then leader michael howard over allegations about his private life in 2004 .
labour ' s deputy leader only found out on 3 january that mr corbyn was planning to change his top team at all .
senior pentagon leaders have consistently argued for years that increased reporting is a good thing , because it suggests that victims are now more willing to come forward .
david cameron last night rejected calls for britain to take in 3 , 000 migrant children who have made the journey to europe .
`` it ' s not at all clear that encouraging households to add to what is already a high level of household debt , merely in order to push up property prices even further , would do much good , '' he said .
`` i know it ' s an extreme thing to do - it ' s not for everybody and we ' re very lucky to have been able to protect ourselves , '' he said .
`` the parties people in scotland will be voting for in may will be the ones who decide how much income tax they pay - or how little , for that matter , '' the source added .
`` i ' m sure flying a drone is fun , but , please , keep it out of my face , out of my house and out of the power lines , '' he said .
maybe your partner is also in the 13 per cent of people who would consider it , but what if you ' ve got it wrong ?
when we used to do the series , i had no life , and i didn ' t want to experience that again with three kids .
labor ' s campaign to warn off would - be boat people ( but really to convince australians labor was tough on asylum seekers ) is another .
still , it remained unclear whether negotiations would actually take place under a broad international effort to end the almost 5 - year - old syrian conflict .
i think there ' s a lot of television out there , a lot of television i enjoy - that ' s put in front of you and it ' s about enjoying it .
it is feared the decision could allow the company and others to move millions of pounds offshore without having to pay tax on them .
in so doing , i am confident that over the next few years , we will build majority support for that position .
but murray ' s confidence was not affected and he made sure he took the match all the way by breaking late in the fourth to take it 6 - 4 .
there ' re around 64 , 000 educational institutions in the province alone , he said , and defended measures already taken .
but it has sparked protests across the country with opponents claiming it is forcing families into poverty and will increase the benefits bill by pushing people into the private sector .
there are tens of millions of people like me , who are not disabled but are directly connected to disability in some way .
`` it ' s actually the first time in my entire life hitting a multi - home run game and it felt amazing , '' miller said .
the 18 - year - old scored a wonderful goal on his debut and , just as he had done in the original tie , made an impact after coming off the bench .
in the first six games of the third set , only one point was obtained against serve by either player .
he is also expected to announce in the coming days a new executive action with the goal of expanding background checks on gun sales .
we have to say when you make a mistake you take responsibility and we are taking responsibility and doing everything in our power to make it right .
this meant students with a disability often ended up at their local state schools , which were less exclusive and received more state government funding for students with a disability .
these are important moments where you need the power to share more than ever , and a like might not be the best way to express yourself .
and that ' s really all i ask for , the opportunity to have a chance to compete , and help this team win .
' the leader was talking about when you ' re on your period you can go up or down in weight and i just thought , that ' s not my issue .
now you look at her and absolutely that ' s gone , and you think that in a crisis she is going to be so stable and secure .
we could have waited until next year , but that ' s how the situation went , that ' s how the ball started getting rolled .
the white house insists that sanders has also had at least one - on - one meeting with obama , though aides have not identified the date or circumstances of that encounter .
in the final weeks of the scottish referendum , when polls suggested that the people of scotland might vote for independence , the prime minister did privately draw up a resignation letter .
gen . john campbell , the commander of u . s . forces in afghanistan , told congress last fall that between 1 , 000 and 3 , 000 active isis members were in afghanistan .
i took those off the table the day after the election and we began to figure out how to get the senate working again .
some communications and technical problems troubled trump and the fox hosts as they asked about his thoughts on hillary clinton , but he still got in a few shots .
she sits down with people who can ' t handle them , without ever feeling it ' s about her .
' you are not supposed to show how excited you get as kids link power with that word but we just couldn ' t control it .
`` we ' ll probably be here in 10 months time doing the same thing and seeing if we can get him home again , '' young told trade radio at the time .
following sunday ' s game , thomas , who has already played for five coaches since 2007 , said all the change has taken a toll on him and he ' s not sure he wants to stay in cleveland .
and almost half ( 49 per cent ) of those who go out with their partners at least once a week are `` very happy `` in their relationship and less likely to divorce .
he could not spot the woman in the dark , but believed she was 200 - 300 metres from the beach .
meanwhile , 90 per cent of adults feel stressed at least once a year and 43 per cent do not manage to get six hours sleep a night .
`` the school has a process in the middle years where they pick out certain kids who they don ' t think will perform highly in the senior school and they try to get rid of them , '' she said .
that was bad enough when he just had a nuclear bomb ; it would be worse should he now have access to the more powerful h - bomb .
he has to realise at some stage , and i ' d be the first to admit that at times i ' ve let myself down with my behaviour , but you grow up and you start making better decisions .
it leads on david cameron ' s announcement that ministers will be allowed to campaign for either side in the referendum on whether the uk should stay in the eu .
when i attempted to request express delivery , for which i was willing to pay , the site said the option was not available for this order .
indeed , bush can hardly go one day on the campaign trail without getting asked about his parents or his brother .
later , he was driving to his mother ' s home when he came across a stretch of road that was damaged in the quake .
i don ' t want to step on the strategy of the club but he ' s a very important player , a nice player .
but the social democrats , junior partners in merkel ' s left - right ' grand coalition ' , argued against any changes to the law .
malcolm turnbull talks about better conditions for workers - but as with everything else , he says one thing and does something completely different .
and then there ' s the wine list , on which i can find no bottle for less than £ 26 and lots for much more .
i ' d like to see even more diversity , please , in music videos and in how sex is represented in culture at large .
the people ' s republic of china is set to build around 40 domestic nuclear power plants over the next five years , the country ' s government has said .
`` today ' s radical new approach will mean the government will directly commission small and up - and - coming companies to build thousands of new homes on sites right across the country , '' he added .
there are 1 , 500 uk citizens living with breast cancer right now , who could be kept alive by this medication .
i didn ' t have much anyway , and i don ' t know why i did this - it just felt like the most natural and appropriate thing to do .
two airlines -- united and american -- on tuesday announced they would allow pregnant women to change their travel plans to areas affected by the zika virus .
scotland ' s new food body has recommended that the scottish government makes plans for the introduction of a tax on sugar .
with an explosion in growth in the craft beer industry over the last decade , some american universities are offering programs on the business of craft beer .
a us study shows our suicide rate appears higher than that of other professional groups , with young doctors at the beginning of their training being particularly vulnerable .
we became more consistent last season in the second half of the season and we need to do it again this season .
it has been estimated that about 50 , 000 visitors a year would come to the facility which would create 17 jobs .
`` i was given the chance to lay next to him , and i played the song that was played at our wedding , '' he said .
i ' ve got my eyes on ( world no . 1 ) , but i ' m up against some pretty tough competition .
that is the time that all computers that use the widely - shared system count from , and it appears to have had a mix - up while deciding how long ago people became friends .
the inmates ' escape wasn ' t confirmed until 16 hours later , giving them a lengthy head start on authorities searching for them .
the london - based think tank ' s report was published ahead of the latest official employment figures , which are due to be released on wednesday .
i was excited to get going , especially playing in a group like that , first round of the year .
i urge nhs england to implement this guidance immediately as there are many patients who are waiting for treatment and who could benefit significantly .
the ones who did have my best interests at heart were not always in the same city , let alone the same state to spend any real time with .
the attorney general is asking that the money be returned to the users who lost it and that the sites pay a fine of up to $ 5 , 000 per case .
' you know , when you ' re there in front of an audience , that you ' re not as good as you could be .
`` jack took his life at just 16 years of age because he could not cope with what his father had done to me , '' ms williams said .
i don ' t know of any politician - a serious politician in a serious interview - who doesn ' t want to be pressed .
he was married but she didn ' t find out for five months , when she also discovered that he had two children by two different women .
the couple are hoping that 2016 will be the year they start a family and both agree that they ' d love a little girl .
we started in third grade together and trained twice a week , it ' s funny how it all worked out .
one easy fix : just signing on regularly to your bank account and watching where the money goes will help .
the more they can think on their feet ... that needs to happen earlier and not just a couple of weeks before the interview is due .
he says the success of that bank , where he had to constantly battle his way against local and national rivals into new markets , made him confident that the same model would work here .
' we will take all necessary measures including additional sanctions by the u . n security council so that the north will pay the price for the nuclear test , ' a statement said .
but russell scored only three points on one - for - seven shooting thursday and said he didn ' t deserve to start based on his recent play .
[ canberra is ] showing some consistent growth now off the back of a number of years of really up - and - down growth .
the rams have had 12 consecutive non - winning seasons , including a 15 - 65 record from 2007 - 11 that is the worst five - year stretch in nfl history .
`` i ' m happy at the club , all this speculation is not true , '' he told bbc world football .
for some of these guys it ' s a brilliant way to fund their career , especially the lower - level players .
i just hope the fire hasn ' t spread too much and i still have a business to go back to , '' he said .
`` it ' s not really much of a celebrity status that i have or i had , '' he said .
by the very nature of looking at the people who hurt our loved ones here , i don ' t know that any of them would have been stopped by the background check .
and all of this is up for debate , prompted by the photographs that line the gallery ' s walls .
mourinho ' s second coming was supposed to mark a grand change in the club ' s policy , the moment they moved towards long - term stability .
in 100 - 200 words we ' d like you to tell us what you ' d like to see from the nhs `` mental health services .
an after - hours message left with a department of justice spokeswoman asking for a response to the letter was not immediately returned .
now january 20 is to be declared david bowie day in new york city , according to the official bowie facebook page .
cruz ' s current 20 percent is his highest , which he hit for the first time earlier this month .
they had agreed we could move into their three - bed house and that we would rent them somewhere smaller in the area .
this is not a plan for just one day next week , but for a period of industrial action lasting for months .
in fact , there are big questions about whether the main opposition group will show up on time or whether the talks will even take place .
the 2015 box - office in china , the world ' s second largest film market , grew nearly 50 % to $ 6 . 8 billion last year .
they had saved my life and disappeared to do the same thing another one , two or three more times that night .
one frequently asked question is : what will india or bangladesh or any of the other countries of the region look like in 10 or 20 years ?
i am not someone who likes conflict or getting involved in drama and therefore chose to stay clear of her most of the time .
even if the weather returns to normal , it will still take at least five years for farmers to pay off the loans they ' ve had to take out to survive .
hillary clinton claimed in the last democratic presidential debate that another extremist group , the islamic state , has been using video of trump in its propaganda .
they were also taken to a hospital , she said , but the extent of their injuries was not known .
`` that ' s not exactly what i thought should happen , but i didn ' t know what to do , '' he said .
nhs england , which is funding them , estimates that between two and four patients a year living anywhere in england will have surgery .
but a study published last year concluded that the pass mark was set too low - and insisted that foreign doctors who pass are not up to the same standard as newly - trained doctors in britain .
federal officials said thursday that two men , including one who came to the u . s . as a syrian refugee , had been arrested on terrorism - related charges in california and texas .
it ' s worth whatever the community who wants the water is willing to pay for it to meet their demands .
i do not feel i am a hero , as some are saying , rather we just do what we have been trained to do .
his family , who believe his only crime was regularly travelling to the uk and having british friends , say he did not receive a fair trial .
if , on 7 january 2015 , freedom of expression was targeted , on 13 november , that could hardly be the main explanation .
i worked hard on the sound and that is also a reason why the film has become part of the rock culture today .
the near - death experience doesn ' t seem to take any toll on the animal , as it is then seen playing with its friends just seconds after the escape .
`` two had already got out to deeper water , but two were still in trouble and one got away when i was there , '' he said .
we ' re sending you a message we hope is loud and clear , a storm is coming and a strike very near .
he was described in court papers as having long criminal history including a 2006 robbery conviction that led to a five - year prison sentence .
according to recent research , 85 per cent of abuse victims seek help from the authorities on average five times before they receive effective help to stop the violence .
the truth is that there has never been a real recovery from the 2008 crisis in north america and western europe .
cameron is expected to raise the issue during meetings with european leaders , and wants new rules in force by this summer .
new york , philadelphia and other major cities in the region could get a foot or more of snow and similar winds .
netflix earned $ 43 million , or 10 cents per share , in its latest quarter , a 48 percent drop from the prior year .
mcdonald ' s said same - store sales in china rose 4 per cent , its second straight quarter of growth .
the game is changing and clubs and their owners will continue to dream up and consider all kinds of short cuts to success .
`` if i was in their shoes and a door was closed in my face , i would want someone to open a window , '' she said .
it would be a good thing , both for the uk finances and for the image of these great companies , if they paid more , '' he wrote .
it brings you back to , this is not real , this woman has only been doing this because that is her job , and she is doing this at the expense of her kids , or at the expense of her private life .
we ' ve been building something for the past few years so to reach the summit is something pretty special , '' he said .
`` we feel that he could have been picked up and taken somewhere by somebody in the car and dropped off somewhere , '' she said .
`` you obviously can ' t replace the lives or turn the clock back , but i think people have had their say , '' he said .
a source close to the former mayor has previously told cnn that bloomberg would seriously consider entering the race if it appeared donald trump or texas sen . ted cruz would face vermont sen . bernie sanders in the general election .
the fact that business and political leaders can , over the space of a couple of days , meet `` everyone who matters `` is exactly what ' s wrong with it and with the world .
but this did not mean that george would be released when her minimum term is up , it was merely the first point at which she could be considered for release .
clinton speaks to reporters at u . n . headquarters on tuesday , march 10 , addressing her use of private email for official work as secretary of state .
if they can pull it off we will spend more time with our phones - which means more ad revenue or device sales .
they will also deliver light goods , and online retailer amazon is already developing a fleet to do that very job once strict regulations allow it .
it ' s going to take a lot of hard work to win , we ' re going to have to come back tomorrow and put even more pressure on them .
but my mother and father both did the same thing , and it was more then just giving me cash .
and in recent days , matters have reached a new low as china didn ' t even receive any advance warning of the test .
it ' s too easy to get stuck into a game or a movie and waste the night , instead you could be out here enjoying all this .
it is hard to imagine the two countries continuing its `` special relationship `` if mr trump wins next november .
because a norwegian model or a swiss model doesn ' t address the refugee issue which seems to be a concern for some of the people .
`` it ' s a great challenge we have and i think we do it very well , '' he said .
we have been though at least a couple of generations together , for many of you - your children , like mine , now have children of their own .
there is growing momentum in the last several years to create policies that would at least prevent smoking in multi - unit or apartments buildings , king said .
the relatively minor charge reflected that there were `` no grounds to say that the doctor wanted to murder the patient , '' investigators said .
the tests will go up to and include the 12 times table and schools have been warned that they will be held to account if pupils do not make the grade .
' the feeling among his friends is that his views have changed a lot since he left , ' says the young muslim .
our funding proposals deliver a strong but challenging financial settlement for local government , despite cuts to the central budget by the uk government .
like making believe that something can happen and making believe that we can change things , and making believe that we can win people over in a certain way .
many people ' s mental health problems contribute to them having worse physical health than the general population because they do not manage their condition well .
' if europe is not capable of protecting its own borders , it ' s the very idea of europe that will be questioned .
the criticism of mr sanders comes as he is working hard to try and secure the support of more black voters .
he ' s not allowed to be here , the staff like him , but he is a health and safety risk .
but if i was out for the night with a friend , a bottle each ( both shared ) was fine .
while the worst of the dangerous , deadly winter flood was over in the st louis area , the water was slowly making its way south .
they did not get much chance to do the latter bit in the early stages but they successfully prevented spurs from threatening , too .
he makes you think about controversial issues in a funny way that ' s not at all heavy - handed .
there ' s plenty to discuss about virtual reality as a technology , but its future will be defined as much by its social benefits and costs .
that ' s largely a reaction to the fact that many of technology ' s biggest names have been no - shows for some time .
the total monthly estimate of crude from saudi arabia is just over 30 percent well ahead of the 8 . 21 percent from iran for the global market .
the singer took to twitter over the weekend to let her followers know which two presidential candidates she is not a fan of .
`` this will be the missing link between the gold coast and brisbane and it will let development from both cities join , '' he said .
there has been a lot of speculation around it though , and i understand that because there ' s a lot of profile involved .
what to do : let your kids know that nothing they send is truly temporary , and it ' s easy for others to share what you ' ve sent .
president barack obama is trying to round up support for his plans to host a high - level summit on refugees at the united nations later this year .
i don ' t know what the authorities are doing to confirm the identity , but i need to know if it is .
safety first : don ' t participate alone in a winter sport , and make sure someone knows where you ' re going - and when you ' re expected to return .
mr bailey said the new social media campaign - launched in mid 2015 - would appear in 2016 , targeting young drivers in particular .
it ' s almost as if history will decide who the best actors are - not the quality of the films themselves .
last year , the four - team playoff replaced the bowl championship series in which the top two teams were selected to play in the final game .
but he said that labor did not have a great track record of paying for its promises and he was concerned about where the money would come from .
he tweeted his followers on saturday night asking where and what channel the drama was being shown on in australia .
now , i can walk to the shop from home and back again and not hear one single english voice .
i ' ve had bad periods at all my clubs , but i have to say the best fans are here .
i was at a point where i was happy last year and it would have been fun to see what would have happened those last 20 games .
last year when [ the world titles were ] in richmond [ virginia , us ] it looked like a real cool thing to be a part of , so that ' s a focus now .
if we didn ' t worry about paying bills and keeping a roof over our heads , i ' m not sure many of us would go to work at all .
i loved my time in the army and if i had my time again i would do it exactly the same , but this time i would wear sun cream .
the former prime minister also allegedly stayed at the uk ambassador ' s residence in paris between 2008 and 2011 at taxpayers `` expense .
ten months on from a world cup that was successful in every way , 50 - over cricket is again battling for a separate identity .
the minimum we can do is look at this case and study it well , and we will do the right things for our country and our friends in britain .
if you must drive , watch weather reports prior to driving , especially a long distance trip , or before driving in isolated areas , so you know about delays and what to expect regarding conditions .
at least 31 , 000 have arrived by sea so far this year despite the winter weather , the un refugee agency says .
the rhetoric is good , the policy is better , and the problems with the document ( and there are some ) are relatively few .
i didn ' t hear anything for ages and then just before christmas 1989 his private secretary called me and said he was very interested and could we meet .
and , they don ' t like me sometimes because i was fighting for the guys at the bottom , not just the guys at the top .
`` i need you to know , i learned today , from my doctors that i must have surgery soon , '' she wrote .
she said : ' this decision has placed an extra burden on me , when the system is in place to help people in our situation .
`` you shouldn ' t do this job for too long because you get used to things you shouldn ' t get used to , '' he says .
however she did not leave with anything to prepare either of them for even a short stay away and nothing has been heard since .
u . s . firms said that , had they been given enough time , they could have put together a successful bid .
he is one of five houston - area lawyers appointed as independent special prosecutors to present the case to the grand jury .
the awards are voted by the committee and board of directors of the australia day foundation , a non - profit organisation formed to promote australia in the uk .
how would your career , social life , family ties and mental health be affected if you were never able to leave the city where you live ?
he told officers they had been arguing for two weeks before the alleged incident and that the relationship was over , but he had been worried because she threatened to kill herself .
the teams had the highest combined winning percentage in nba history for opponents meeting at least 40 games into the season .
over recent weeks , ministers from the junior coalition partner , the conservative people ' s party , have been calling for a cap on asylum seekers .
there are also an increasing number who are not making any attempt to wear black school shoes , in line with school policy .
`` the family would like to make a point to the british army that no - one is above the law , '' he said .
with david it was very clear for over a year that there was not much future here for him and that we would help him to find another club .
so i ' ve got to look forward to trying to get over this and getting on to `` the next [ tournament .
that index declined 0 . 8 per cent in the week ended january 17 , following a 1 . 9 per cent fall the previous week .
when she took the trouble to make a friend of me , she also made a friend of my husband , who is neither an artist nor a writer .
in doing so , they pay no tax on the first 25 % of these funds , but pay the normal rate of tax on the rest .
we had our chance in the first tie and the reality was that it was going to be a big challenge .
the social network unveiled facebook sports stadium on wednesday , a way for users to experience big sporting events as they happen live .
if i have a car and i give it to you , mr . president , and i don ' t transfer a title , and you ' re in an accident , it ' s on me .
of course , you want your man to be appealing but it ' s more of a character that i ' m looking for .
`` a one - day event and one free meal isn ' t going to fix the homeless problem or change their lives but to be able to show the community that they are not forgotten could eventually lead to bigger things , '' smith said .
having the help and the opportunity to work with the police in a country , we think , is a really important part of the powers that the anti - corruption program could do with .
for mr o , this was the principal charge against the uk government : that they had not come to hear the refugees `` side of the story .
that ' s our job , aid workers work very hard to make sure help gets to the right people , we have means of monitoring that but we need to be there .
`` i ' m not convinced things are going to grow as much as i would like them to , '' he said .
they didn ' t care about the form it took : male , female , young , old - anybody , '' she said .
`` you need to understand the whole detail behind everything that is said in there and all our policies and procedures behind it and everything we are doing to address the issues , '' she said .
there ' s little sign that 2016 will get any easier for the industry with little growth to write home about .
the only rugby balls in sight were the ones players used to knock over empty drink bottles before being sent up the mountain .
this is what we were waiting for because we hadn ' t been affected by the fires directly , so we ' ve been waiting for the go - ahead for the road to open so we could get things back on track .
this council is a public authority , its staff are public employees and members of the public have a right to know what is done in their name .
meanwhile , republicans are moving on a years - long effort to complete a bill to replace the 2010 health care law .
but we can teach future generations that they have a link with the past that has an impact on their identity .
he added that the data on the individuals was detailed enough to be able to identify them if they exist , but he would not reveal what that information was .
if you see a mate , colleague or loved one taking a risk , don ' t stay quiet , speak up because you might just save their life .
the airport , the second - largest in sweden , temporarily had all air traffic stopped but is now operating normally .
`` there remains , however , a substantial gap between demand and supply with the latest figures showing a further decline in the number of properties available for sale , '' he said .
the percentage of voters who say they are locked into their choice has grown from 20 percent in november to 32 percent in the latest survey .
an iraqi lawyer is being paid £ 150 an hour by the government to help build war crimes cases against british troops , it has emerged .
if this top order will be remembered for anything , it will be for their sound defence , and there ' s the first surprise .
you actually have a few dozen different ones , and they determine whether you can get a mortgage , car loan or credit card , and what sorts of interest rates you ' re offered .
a police station has been evacuated after a member of the public arrived with a suspected world war i bomb in their car .
when you are in a situation where one individual has to have a wonder series for his team to win , it rarely happens .
the baby ' s mother is thought to have given birth there deliberately so that she could get rid of her .
swiss media say doctors had originally planned to separate them when they were several months old but brought the operation forward when they each suffered a life - threatening condition .
there ' s been times when i ' ve been frustrated at how i ' ve got out and not kicking on but generally my processes and the way i ' ve gone about it i ' ve been pleased with .
if i don ' t keep myself in the best possible shape , then any treatments in the future would be no use .
the proposed measure was revealed as europe struggles to deal with a crisis that has seen tens of thousands of migrants arrive on greek beaches , mostly fleeing war in syria , iraq and afghanistan .
what has already started as a week of radical change for twitter could continue as it ' s been reported the company is set to name two new members to its board of directors .
`` the way i read what he said is if i didn ' t get the nomination he might consider it , '' clinton told nbc news sunday , referring to the reason behind bloomberg considering an independent bid .
with hillary , democratic presidential candidate bill clinton waves to the crowd at his victory party after winning the illinois primary on march 17 , 1992 .
in fact , they listed -- they put a poll up from wall street journal / nbc news , they listed the candidates , and they failed to mention i wasn ' t listed .
he became the first nfl quarterback to throw for 35 touchdowns and run for 10 scores in the best season of his five - year career .
`` they ' re really good at getting the most out of what they get , '' said stone of the cruise line .
`` on one occasion there was a japanese lady who held my baby while i had my breakfast , '' she said .
`` we take the safety and security of our customers , employees and operation very seriously , '' the company said in a statement .
the figures come from police reports where the apps are mentioned and does not automatically mean they were used directly by the alleged criminal .
a price increase could reduce an individual ' s consumption by as many as 11 . 5 standard drinks a week for low - income wine consumers .
i have kept records of every tweet and passed them on to officers , who are investigating as i type this .
i used to be able to run forever , but now i ' m , like : my legs aren ' t working .
family doctors will vote on whether they should stop going out to see patients at home unless they are given significantly more nhs cash .
in a way i ' m trying to carry on the messages he put into his songs for today ' s audience , in a time when we understand more about this stuff .
the republican front - runner released his first ad monday , and its message is that he will keep them out .
the drop in asian prices has brought the cost of natural gas traded in different parts of the world closer to each other .
i wouldn ' t advocate cutting trees down but at least it ' s making people aware if they are sensitive they should try and avoid them .
it currently houses more than 400 workers and has a capacity for 800 , the number needed to complete the work .
we ' ve already had several witnesses come forward and i ' d ask anyone else who has information about what happened to contact us as soon as possible .
others , even in turnbull ' s side of the tracks , always put their own interests and survival above the interests of the party .
the massachusetts stop is part of his swing through new england to start the new year , with rallies in new hampshire and vermont this week .
because we ' re in support of the artist , we say : `` well , what are they going to come up with ?
in the end , investing now in our young people will mean you have to spend far less than you would if they go through the criminal justice system later .
if i were to earn more than that , i would have to set up my business under a more complicated ( and expensive ) system .
however , he claims neither he nor his lawyer heard anything about his bid to stay in britain until he was arrested on january 17 by immigration officers .
but she has said that the rest of the uk voting to leave the eu while scotland voted to stay in could be grounds for calling a second referendum on scottish independence .
`` we are delighted with lewis ' s progress but we will continue to monitor him over the next few years , '' he said .
by breaking this cycle , the person should also eventually find that the holidays they do take will become more exciting too .
but to be completely honest , my friends have got children and partners and i would have been relatively isolated anyway after luke ' s death .
`` i think obviously if you play a quick match on the friday , it doesn ' t really make a huge difference , '' murray said .
all they can do about it is play until they drop and if that ' s not good enough they move on .
and they can answer a question that very few are alive to answer - just what is it like to be a victim ?
it will be ongoing , so we are putting things in place [ with them ] and also on a national level with billy , to make sure there is that support in place , if he needs it .
but with that being said , it ' s not going to be easy because a lot of those games are on the road so we ' ve got a big task ahead of us .
while it can be a valuable communication tool , it ' s clear that it ' s a source of stress or frustration for many of us .
speaking about his death , the brothers said : `` many times one asks why he had to go at all .
`` the nhs should not be spending money on stuff that simply doesn ' t work , '' said phil wilson , of the university of aberdeen .
`` we are actually talking to a number of different producers here in queensland about things in the future , '' she said .
we gave up 16 or so offensive rebounds in adelaide and we feel like that ' s why we lost that game and this week we have been addressing that .
so that , as you say , they can have enough confidence to fit in with other people when they grow up .
the quality of m & s clothes is good , but people can get better value for money elsewhere , he says .
world leaders are calling for calm , and in europe the fear is this could further set back attempts to find peace in syria .
while the two countries are neighbours and have close ties , that is not reflected in the amount of cricket they have played against each other .
most of my close friends were girls and i didn ' t feel like i identified in a way that you were supposed to as a guy .
the fa to assess how to best engage with representative supporter groups within its decision - making structures as part of its current review process .
`` if he gets released back into mexico and we have to start hunting him again , i ' m going be as disappointed as anybody in the world , '' he said .
the closing date for that position was january 11 , with several other jobs listed having a closing date of january 15 and january 13 .
test results later this month will give an idea of the progress of his recovery and some idea of whether he will be able to play a role later in the season .
he told the wall street journal that bill clinton had personally sent only two emails in his entire life -- both as president .
`` we never intended to hurt anyone by doing that , we didn ' t know it would get that popular that quickly , '' the statement read .
however , that was to be expected from a 20 - year - old who would normally have the luxury of playing alongside a more experienced half .
when it occurred , i wasn ' t in that high school , or that city - i was living in another part of the country .
he heard back from 20 , got interviews with five and managed to get one of them to invest $ 50 , 000 .
he attended state schools in london , then studied computer science at the university of westminster before leaving for syria in 2013 .
but if he begins to have trouble hearing , particularly in a party with lots of people talking , it might be worth getting tested again .
if there is a point i ' m trying to make , it is that the sex should not be the problem , it is how we deal with sex that is the problem .
one thing is for sure , bob made the most of every minute he had and was a fighter to the very end .
the question is if you have 50 , 100 , at the end of the day it doesn ' t matter as long as you win .
`` you don ' t want to be left in a room with a smoking gun trying to defend yourself against something that happened in there , '' he added .
the popular pension freedom reforms launched last april mean that people can now access their whole pension pot at age 55 and spend , save or invest the money as they wish .
i think winning helps and gives you confidence and belief and everything , but i think the quality of the player is what ' s most relevant .
people have been trying to enter the eu , and dying in the attempt , for a quarter of a century and more .
however hard i try , i can ' t really imagine what life will be like for you and your parents in just a few years ' time .
some of those responsible remain on the run and yesterday a counter terrorism official told french media 2015 `` was nothing `` compared to what was coming particularly for france and london this year .
`` our branch network always has been , and remains , at the heart of our business , providing the face - to - face service that many of our members prefer , '' he said .
but only 81 per cent of women say they want equality for themselves or the other women in their families .
and no , it ' s because i have a certain kind of system and in order to function really well , i need medicine , '' she says .
the first map suggests it would take 10 to 20 days to reach the west coast of the us , the 2016 map shows the trip can be done in less than 12 hours .
another man said the fighters had killed seven people who refused to come with them to another district where they were making a stand .
but my thoughts are very much with the victims and their families and i hope that they can now begin to move forward in a positive light .
i try to remember what i wrote for the guardian five years ago on the last normal day of my life .
it was not good what he did , but at the same time , let ' s see how he ' s going to do in the future .
the east of the country is burning and it feels like no one here has noticed ... we are one step away from a civil war .
all three teenagers were later put on a return flight to london and taken into custody at a high - security police station for questioning .
the broncos stuck with the run , and c . j . anderson broke loose for a 30 - yard gain in the fourth .
`` we always bring movies for our bus trip , and we have gone through all of them and we ' ll probably start watching them again , '' she said .
last month , he was convinced of assault on eight victims , including a grandmother and a 17 - year - old .
i felt comfortable , i knew what he was trying to do on the court , and he ' s really good at trying to set me up to do what i can do best up at the net .
more than ten million matches were made over saturday and sunday as users were three times more likely to find a match during the storm .
gray was a scotland age - grade international and worked for scottish rugby in various coaching roles between 1994 and 2006 .
care home staff had not been told she had attempted suicide four times using the method which finally proved successful .
i ' ve made some changes , and now i understand my identity as a fighter : what i ' m supposed to be .
at the paris climate summit late last year , almost 200 nations agreed to keep average global warming to less than 2 degrees .
the moves are expected to be revealed next week before obama ' s final state of the union address on january 12 .
those with the necessary skills to keep us secure in this changing world must play an active role in government .
the new , expanded centre - right party will be able to present and alternative plan to lead the country out of the crisis .
the social are also saying that even if we did get some help in future it would only be half of what we used to get .
i know you got to get to work so who ' s the first person you ' re going to call after us ?
but it is wales that should pick up the credit for the inspiration for one of the world ' s most iconic cars .
to describe him , i would say he ' s a tall boy , but quick and good at technical things .
a report by the department for health care stated : `` the workforce had been reduced by the company since housing began operations in september 2014 , among other things , this has meant more hours and staff members working alone .
you ' ve got to be at the table when these projects are being -- are getting the green light from hollywood producers and that ' s what the important thing is .
the british medical association announced yesterday afternoon that doctors will walk out on tuesday , january 12 for 24 hours .
`` if the warnings are so concrete as they were in this case then we have to act , '' he said .
but with the increasing concern of terrorism on u . s . soil , the risk is no longer contained to the military , and children need to be considered , the authors state .
that guidance says men should not drink more than three to four units a day - up to 21 units or less a week - while women should drink no more than two to three units a day , or 14 units a week .
the house authorities are believed to have conducted work to establish the extent of problems and consider ways they could be addressed .
it ' s really learning how to be more comfortable in your own skin , so trying something that is just going to bring you joy .
but with neither side able to score in the second half , the two teams were forced to play out an additional 30 minutes in an effort to settle the tie .
the bonus - point system will be changed to encourage teams to attack throughout the entire game , with extra points offered for teams who win by three or more tries .
but the president will be racing to the finish line to roll out the remaining items on his climate agenda - which are critical to delivering on the emissions goals he promised in paris .
however while the deals have generated millions of dollars for the couple , the coverage has often come at a heavy price .
the comments , which were published in the daily mail , have led to claims that mr hunt is encouraging parents to `` google `` symptoms - and putting lives at risk .
russia ' s defence ministry has repeatedly denied targeting civilians , saying it takes great care to avoid bombing residential areas .
but when it comes to fashion i say to people all the time , if you want guidance in fashion , just consider this : if a kardashian is wearing it , don ' t .
the proposal would bar members from acting on matters involving donors who give them any political contributions , even as little as $ 1 .
' my dylan is my dylan and he was special because of all the memories we shared , ' says laura .
the homes would instead be converted into accommodation for older people , in proposals being considered by the council over the next few weeks .
ok , but we ' re talking about one of the most important jobs in the state , at one of the most powerful regulatory agencies in the entire country .
two teenagers have been injured , one seriously , after being hit by car while crossing a road on the gold coast .
there is nothing to be happy about , even when you see your wife and kids , because you just want to be playing football .
time travel has become a go - to plot driver for low - budget science - fiction , perhaps because it doesn ' t require a lot of expensive special effects .
if there is no winner , the prize goes to the person / people who have chosen five balls and the bonus ball .
perry has come to `` hate `` trump more than anything , according to a source familiar with the endorsement process .
it can ' t have been only for charity , although he raised twice as much as he had hoped for wounded soldiers .
america in black and white , a four - part radio documentary , will air next on bbc world service on 14 january 2016 .
speaking at a debate in london , the founder of the leave . eu campaign said : `` there ' s no chance of scotland leaving , there ' s no chance of wales leaving .
i ' m the kind of person who likes to show up to work sometimes at 11 , or maybe work from home one day .
`` it ' s a time of year when your extended family get together maybe once or twice a year at most , '' he said .
the former maryland governor compared the need for the united states to invest in clean energy to the 1960s effort to put a man on the moon .
`` all this is not to say that people shouldn ' t wear safety equipment , but rather to say that the whole topic is far more complicated than most people think , '' he said .
on the days that that leaves me feeling a bit tired i ' ll just have an extra cup of tea .
you ' d think like you ' d know exactly what it would feel like to win , but you really don ' t .
and he is one of the reasons why i am the player i am today because ( at the start ) i took a completely different route .
a mother will appear in court charged with causing the death of her two - year - old daughter by dangerous driving .
one of the reasons i ' ll win them , a lot of democrats are going to cross over to me because they ' re tired of what ' s happening .
the only republican candidate who has ever had higher odds than trump is florida sen . marco rubio , whose odds to win the nomination were placed at 49 % last november , but have since fallen .
so just how did the film , which currently holds a one - star rating on netflix , become a record - breaking hit ?
but i knew full well - and i felt everyone else knew too - that i had broken the chair because i was too fat .
to the hotel ' s credit , the guy working there immediately came up to my room to check on the problem .
the power of film , being in a group , that ' s the power of that and i think they ' re both important .
brussels is set to do away with rules making the first country in which a refugee arrives responsible for any asylum claim , in a major shake - up of its refugee system .
i sent the money by western union to my daughter - in - law , rather than using a bank transfer .
she adds : `` with such places you ' re not just giving yourself a substantial home , but enormous opportunities as to how to use that space .
one victim said that , such was the chaos around the train station , she feared she could be killed or raped and `` nobody would notice , '' reuters reported .
as part of the deal , he ' ll be locked up in los angeles and ultimately , go on trial for murder .
we want all nhs patients to have the confidence that they will get the same high - quality care every day of the week .
i tell some of these athletes : i ' ve been doing this since before you were born , '' she says .
`` it ' s not about one city over the other , it ' s about us as a region and a destination and our cities get it , '' johnson said .
the union received a copy at the beginning of january of an e - mail which the airline sent to candidates for jobs demanding the fee , he added .
it ' s right the public and the media should be able to see justice being done in this important court , while protecting the privacy of the people involved .
when we escaped and i saw my mother again , it was like coming back to life , the young boy said .
the men pleaded guilty to fraud as part of a plea deal and were all sentenced to six months in prison .
the bank ' s hong kong office did not confirm or deny the cuts when contact by fairfax media on thursday .
if he comes out and says , ' i would close the borders down , ' i would vote for him in a minute .
we will not end the cycle of gun violence until we demand that the gun industry take simple actions to make its products safer as well .
they may have provided as much as 65 % of the water used in the state in 2014 - up from 40 % during average years - according to the california water foundation , an environmental group .
`` one of the guys could just walk into the bar and just sit down and have a beer and we wouldn ' t know about it , '' he said .
we have seen consistently that an underlying cause of these attacks has been mental illness , and we should look at ways to address this problem .
my biggest mistake in my whole life was that i didn ' t try to understand what he was fighting for .
those talks - involving the u . s . , north korea , china , japan , south korea and russia - broke down in 2009 after six years , not long after president obama took office .
i love my current job , but if there is anything above it , it would the career i chose not to try .
a spokeswoman for mr blair said the government was `` currently considering `` the inquiry recommendations and will table its response to parliament before february 27 .
the nba said boston ' s game at philadelphia scheduled for saturday night will be made up on sunday at 7 p . m .
on most estimates , it will mean politicians will be setting the wages for over a fifth of private sector employees .
republican front runner donald trump said tuesday that `` it ' s a shame what ' s happening in flint , '' but added that he did not want to comment further .
the family arrived in the camp five months ago , having left their grandmother , three brothers and two sisters in syria .
she called for british prime minister david cameron to take urgent steps against russian agents operating inside britain in light of the report .
`` there was something out there that our son could take and it made the problem go away , '' ted stanley said .
i ' d gone for a check - up , and a routine blood test said it all : diabetes .
in just five years , the franchise has grown from one gym in florida to more than 600 worldwide , including three in australia .
miss simpson said wales is ' most at risk ' and will get between three and six inches of rain by wednesday .
another man , who lives in the area , added : ' i saw lots of police and an ambulance by the bus stop .
he has also said smartphones should be banned from the family dinner and children should not have computers in their rooms .
on the other hand , they have as much or more to gain by being seen as strong and tough and that brand , '' he said .
but there is a beautiful thing about relationships where you grow each other to a point where you can ' t grow each other any more .
this is simon ' s fourth w - league grand final ; there ' s only been seven played until now .
but he said he had agreed to the discussion so he could see her eyes for the first time and that he wanted to take her out for a drink .
i told them i was interested in having six girls , two every night - 15 and 17 , 11 , 13 and then younger .
`` we ' re in the entertainment business , and things change year to year , '' she explained at the time .
the government is to `` directly commission `` the building of up to 13 , 000 new affordable homes on public land , david cameron is set to announce .
and i ' m really hoping that as we announce this , people start a worldwide search to go find this ninth planet .
it has to be a good performance , but , for some , if they ' re deciding between will smith and somebody else , they might just go for will smith because of what happened last year .
some have pointed out the requests for background checks have gone up after mass shootings , the idea being that shootings cause people to worry about their safety and buy a gun to protect themselves .
the most recent estimate , released in april last year , puts the country ' s population at 81 . 3 million , compared with 80 . 2 million in 2011 .
mr simpson - kent was interviewed by police at the family home three days after the actress went missing , before he also disappeared .
the former pm said there was ' a genuine desire to be generous ' to refugees , but europe needed to respond to public concern about security .
i was not in a good place in my life - nothing to do with her but i probably had to let go of some things to do with her .
a 17 - year - old suffered serious head injuries and is being treated in the gold coast university hospital .
`` until we know and understand that the people are going to end up on top here , we plan on staying , '' he said .
given the company continues to be married to the idea of a ' solid a ' rating throughout the cycle , a rights issue looks likely .
the video has some things in there that i was so shocked of , because the hospitals are supposed to save people .
the man from san diego , california , was visiting las vegas last month , when he met a homeless man named paul , who had read the same , worn book , each time he passed .
and i bought that particular one - i was only about 12 - because of the picture on the front and i thought - what a fantastic looking mountain or whatever that is .
a mass clean - up operation has started following the biggest party of the year which saw thousands of people gather all over britain to welcome in 2016 .
we already know the overwhelming majority of people have a positive experience of cancer care here but our priority must be to achieve even better outcomes .
they went on to have two children together and he said he thought she ' was for keeps ' , but he left five years later following a string of arguments .
i have high hopes for him and want him to do well , but he ' ll have to learn to deal with the pressure of top - flight football at a young age because that ' s the way the game is now .
in an incident report filed later , the driver said he never saw anyone on the platform when the train began moving .
`` i don ' t know what it ' s going to take to make young women in particular realise how dangerous it is to lie out in the sun , '' she said .
the kid came on and did really well for 30 minutes [ against newcastle ] and he ' s got a great chance of playing on saturday .
president barack obama announced a week ago that $ 80 million in new funding would be available to michigan to help the state improve its water infrastructure .
the guidelines make drinking sound bad but i don ' t feel like it ' s real - what are they going to say in six weeks `` time ?
i understand the rule but it doesn ' t make a whole lot of sense when our group had caught up .
they have an appeal option that is available to them and it would be their right to make whatever decision they feel is in their best interests .
and unless we ' re willing to shake that core , we ' re going to be dealing with it for years to come .
i know that i haven ' t spent a lot of time learning the ways of washington , but i ' ve been there long enough to know that the ways of washington must change .
in effect , this latest theory attempts to solve why we ' see ' the amount of dark matter that we do , and explains why it is not visible at the levels expected .
but at the end of the day it ' s contributed to us losing the game , it ' s not the be all and end all .
in the past we might have thought it would take 400 to 500 years , but right now we can imagine it might be possible in just 30 years .
my confidence suffered such a blow , i felt as though i had no choice but to push away my boyfriend .
one grounds of possible appeal by the players to the swiss federal court is that they did not have each of their arguments addressed .
the best option for the west is to avoid taking sides and instead try to contain the crisis at a time when the region needs dialogue more than ever .
i hope i can add a lot of value both on and off the field to an already successful group of players and coaches .
`` what ' s that look for ? '' she says , but with their backs to us it ' s a look we can ' t ourselves see .
it is not to find out what happened , still less to bring comfort to alleged victims , and least of all to test the evidence on which those alleged victims may seek to rely in subsequent civil proceedings .
the goal here is speed ( while maintaining proper form ) , so don ' t be afraid to pick up the pace !
thursday , the president sat down with cnn ' s anderson cooper for an hour - long live special on guns in america .
i remember the day i discovered i was pregnant ; i was white with fear , i didn ' t know what was going to happen or how i ' d cope .
young people were also less likely to be in work and saw the greatest increase in unemployment between 2008 and 2013 , while ethnic minorities and disabled people were the most likely to be living in relative poverty .
now , 10 years older , i ' d rather set fire to myself than work in that kind of culture .
that ' s right , this has been an extraordinary form of war , this is a battle that ' s been fought almost entirely from the air .
the news caught almost everyone off guard because netflix had previously set a goal of being available in most of the world by the end of this year .
the 29 - year - old is not known to local intelligence services , a source close to the investigation said .
the girl told the police she was approached by the man while in her father ' s car , and that he told her to follow him .
no , we haven ' t spoken about this but i think now it is the team we have to speak in the next couple of days about the champions league .
we ' re doing everything we can to ensure that , but i think mr palmer ' s - i would forecast that mr palmer ' s time as the owner of that will be coming to an end .
health officials battling the zika virus in brazil say as many as 100 , 000 people could have been infected in one city alone .
the world is getting close to dangerous levels of global warming , which could bring with it massive changes to the environment .
my kids and the rest of my family have all met jack and they all get on really well with him .
he lived abroad and worked away , but he always returned home to liverpool , the place of his birth and a place he was very proud of .
the labour leader sparked controversy in a television interview last week by saying he wanted discussions on `` some reasonable accommodation `` with argentina .
but the absence of women emerging as potential officials in any great number reveals how far we remain from one running a top - flight game .
in explaining its decision to boost the growth outlook for this year , fed officials cited the tax - cut package congress approved in december .
the presence of five english and three french clubs in the quarter - finals of the champions cup has potential implications for everybody ' s future health .
christie is banking on a strong finish in the new hampshire primary in two weeks to keep alive his 2016 presidential hopes .
david cameron has set out the rules of engagement for ministers in the eu referendum and pleaded for them to remember to keep running the country during the historic poll .
he said they had all been reported to queensland health at the time and action taken to ensure staff and patient safety .
microsoft health is full of these little pieces of information that make a world of difference to my understanding of the data , and it is improving with each update .
i used to see fault with my body and that made it impossible for me to accept and love myself fully .
it ' s also a sign of an american president racing toward the finish line , as the white house has put it .
officials have said the ground floor of the three - story home was illegally converted into a living unit with gas and electric , and the explosion was caused by gas .
for that amount of money companies are making sure they get their money ' s worth and bring out all the stops and celebrities .
as this matter is currently before the courts , it would not be appropriate to comment further at this time .
`` we have differences and it is that time in the campaign when he ' s making contrast and i am as well , '' clinton said .
`` it does feel like a long time , however only in that we ' ve done a lot in such a short period , '' he said .
those who can ' t wait up to ten hours in a line , however , have been forced to buy water directly from the farmers at premium prices .
police previously called at the apartment on new year ' s eve to check if the father was all right after the u . s . embassy contacted them , saying the man ' s colleagues were concerned after not hearing from him in some time .
there is nothing we can do on our end , we just go out there and perform exactly the way we did back in 2008 .
however , i know my body isn ' t as healthy as it could be so i ' m going to change that .
the sentence given to a 16 - year - old american teenager who killed baseball player chris lane by shooting him in the back reflects community standards .
`` the data highlight that , while the worst of russia ' s crisis has now passed , the economy is still extremely weak , '' he said .
he said he has two homes , including one in the caribbean where his wife is from , adding that he kept in `` regular contact `` and worked from there .
he said : ' what i ' m trying to achieve here is to understand the nature of the refugee crisis that ' s facing the whole of europe .
`` i think that african americans have a real fair point that the industry isn ' t representing them well enough , '' said the actor .
five lives were saved in the teeth of a storm , in conditions the station commander said he had never seen a rescue attempted .
we know the single biggest risk factor for alzheimer ' s disease is age , and as our population ages , people will get it more .
i think this is a sport that could be , and should be , more relevant to younger people to come out and play .
he pointed out that doctors realize modern medicine can both help or harm people , depending on their overall condition .
she took photos and spoke to the packed class for a few minutes before the ride , taking several questions .
an islamic state militant carried out a public `` execution `` of his mother because she asked him to leave the group , activists say .
many banks now offer a higher interest rate on current accounts than on savings accounts , as current accounts are more valuable to them .
the number of people out of work fell by 99 , 000 to 1 . 68 million in the three - month period .
' we will continue to do everything we can to provide a safe environment for students at the school , ' he added .
they played with them as children , and now they want to share that play experience with their own kids .
the billionaire former mayor of new york , michael bloomberg , is thinking about running for president as an independent candidate , us media report .
i would always get home as fast as possible to watch it - i ' d never seen anything like it before .
there are a few at the start , a couple in the middle and some in the final years of their careers , but not close to retirement .
he said that the situation among 16 - year - olds was better , with more schools offering access at that age - `` but not those with strong sixth forms , '' he said .
but the way i was playing , i didn ' t want to miss any games or i didn ' t want to go there and not be prepared .
we are at home , we have got a brilliant squad , a very settled squad and england are not by any means , so there is no reason why we can ' t .
bill clinton has been in donald trump ' s direct line of fire for a few days now , but finally the former president is speaking out for the very first time .
the life of a british man identified by security experts as the chief suspect in a new propaganda video from the islamic state group comes under the spotlight in tuesday ' s press .
she was a top lawyer in the clinton white house and served as hillary clinton ' s chief of staff at the state department .
every team that goes through a pre - season wants to be playing finals football and we ' re no different .
i think with this team it starts with defense first and then we ' re going to create off that .
i ' m not saying it ' s the best we ' ve played but certainly didn ' t get anything out that we potentially put in there .
it ' s amazing having them supporting me and i ' m confident i wouldn ' t have lost so much in such a short period of time without them .
the 2015 nhs scotland staff survey found a 10 percentage point reduction in the number of staff who had experienced a physical attack since 2008 .
then he drove to the university of chicago medical center for a surgery that was supposed to last a couple of hours .
as they wait to hear on their asylum request , your parents constantly worry that it could be rejected and they will be sent back to iraq .
belgium ' s main square was thought to be a target in the new year ' s attacks which six people are being held over .
it ' s just a shame there isn ' t any new content to run around and shoot guns in .
when this sort of thing is involved , you need to trust that actor , because if you don ' t you can ' t do your scenes properly .
it was the final major barrier to building more than 30 , 000 homes in the city over the next decade .
he also said sunday that cruz is `` not going to get anything done `` if he is elected president because he has bad relationships with many of his colleagues in washington .
it is about playing the game , it ' s not important what it means to you four weeks from now .
the evidence you will hear during this trial will show that their intention was to join forces with islamic state to offer their services , together with their lives if needs be , to engage in acts of terrorism .
a us - led coalition air strike has destroyed a bank used by the islamic state group in the iraqi city of mosul .
we are also providing much greater transparency on what happens to crimes once they have been reported to the police .
in his new year ' s message to the public , mr cameron sets out the major changes to britain he wants to complete before he stands down .
the two men ' s social media communications provided the link that led to their terrorism - related charges , it has been revealed .
there is more of a process and guidelines that the nfl has in place so that teams aren ' t doing that and changing frequently .
the number of special elections in an off - year like 2019 on which democrats appear to be banks remains unclear .
the ingredients are there , it ' s a player we see has quite a future and we ' d like to encourage him as much as we can .
we ' ll also talk with democratic presidential candidate sen . bernie sanders , i - vermont , who ' s giving former secretary of state hillary clinton some real competition for the democratic nomination .
she had not been seen or heard from for 24 hours and police said they feared she may have been in danger or with an older man .
that doesn ' t make sense because i know my girls wanted it too but we just came out flat .
`` these figures won ' t make the reserve bank any more likely to cut interest rates at next tuesday ' s policy meeting , '' he said .
you feel so hurt , with lots of decisions not going in our favour that affect us too much , but then we deserve credit for the way we faced this city team over two legs .
if i was late for school , it was only because i spent more time reading the papers than it should have taken to deliver them .
i always take them to the police station but they always seem too busy to deal with the amount they get handed in .
there have been several similar cases in the states , including one where a nine - year - old boy was stabbed .
`` the main driver for the acquisition and design brief for this project was to offer a high rise product which is more affordable to the wider market , '' he said .
newcastle was `` quite nice `` because it was his first visit to the uk - where his family are - for `` any length of time `` for about nine years .
i had no idea what it could have been at the time - i was only interested in getting my daughter .
it ' s just how far he can take it from there , and that will only come with time .
as with everything , this approach to dating has to be done by taking other people ' s feelings into consideration .
that means trump ' s voters may decide to rally to cruz ' s cause , and he certainly made his case to them on thursday .
one of the two women killed had recently moved to the u . s . from the philippines to be close to her children , her son said .
if you are at a club where you are winning and enjoying your football , there is no need to jump from a to c .
a lasting solution , however , will not be something imposed by a us - led military operation ; it must be conducted mostly by forces from the region .
but it is your duty as a manager and a player to stand up again and do what you do because that is a professional attitude .
he got me to contact a guy that he used to see before he had his stroke but i think he ' s moved out of london now .
' the assistant manager called the players together and said : ' you ' ll probably notice our photographer has changed a little from last season , lost a bit of weight , and grown her hair out a bit .
i ran at school , but we sort of took it up a bit more seriously about three years ago just to get back into fitness .
she did not offer details on the investigation , including who it ' s focusing on and what charges it could produce .
`` flint families and michigan families will receive a full and independent report of our investigation , '' arena said in a statement .
one has to wonder , if their proposed site is seen as having failed the museum of london , then why would it not fail as a music venue ?
`` there has not been any of that advice provided about when it will start or anything to do with night works , '' he said .
a man killed in the final hour of 2015 is believed to have been attacked by a gang in the street .
`` the reason why some people find it and others don ' t is because some have better `` special attention `` than others , '' he continued .
' i usually won ' t tell someone i ' m dating about my second property until a few months into the relationship .
`` i ' ll be going back to work in a very good mood , i ' m absolutely delighted , '' the man said .
all the boys and staff have helped me settled in well and made it easy to go out there and do my stuff .
earlier this month , the father of 11 told cnn he doesn ' t want to die -- but would never go behind bars .
the way it was explained to me is , if i ' m self - funded all i have to do is write down everything i spent .
but it said previously that 2014 app revenue grew 50 percent from 2013 , when it reported more than $ 10 billion in app sales .
`` i ' m meant to be doing a 12 hour drive back from victoria , so my boss thinks , '' he said .
that ' s not a bad idea - i sometimes don ' t recognise people i ' ve lived with for years .
the law will also apply to patients who are unable to express their will , following a process that includes consultation with family members .
i have realised how much it had taken over my life and that it was in control of me rather than the other way around .
`` i feel like i ' ve been chosen for a main part i never wanted to play and everyone ' s come to watch , '' tom tells his shocked mother .
we haven ' t set a date for his return at this point , but will continue to monitor him and work to get him back to full fitness as quickly as possible .
isis requests that families provide at least one or two child fighters - depending on the size of the family - and boys are forced to register for selection at age 14 .
i ' ll leave it at that , i ' m sorry for that , and we ' ll just have to move on , simple .
it earned $ 18 . 4 billion in profit for the october - december quarter , up 1 . 8 percent from a year earlier .
many parents might be asset rich , but they are time poor - we can help out in that regard .
michael bloomberg , the billionaire former mayor of new york city , has told his aides to draw up plans for an independent campaign for the us presidency , the new york times reported on saturday .
before you make a move like that , it ' s crucial to take stock of where you are right now , and ask yourself several questions .
some teachers are not turning up to work for parts of the week , which means that students over time can lose out on months , if not years , of learning .
once you get to the ground and the first over has been played and you sort of sit down and you have a cold drink you think this is great .
but it is all driven by the thing that is at the heart of what they offer : listening to music in a way you can ' t at home .
to be quite honest , when i walked out of the press room i thought that i was somewhat tough but at the same time i was fair because i said nice things about him .
we can ' t deliver on the promise of equal pay unless we have the best , most comprehensive information about what people earn .
maybe i shouldn ' t say this but everyone up until now has been very friendly - they like that i am here as we don ' t have much success .
the next time you and your partner are arguing over money , or whose turn it is to clean the kitchen , just remember - a simple thank you can go a long way .
he pointed to recent polls that have showed him leading republican candidates by a larger margin than clinton in early voting states .
she claimed that mr simpson - kent has eight children by various different partners , adding : ' our marriage was a waste of time .
the average rate on easy - access accounts opened now is 0 . 99 per cent , bank of england figures reveal .
department of health sources and many junior doctors now expect a strike to be held as soon as next week .
this includes learning bus routes , finding language lessons , shopping , learning to stick to a budget - many of the things which , in fact , even native uk residents struggle with .
reporter : she was traveling to miami with her 1 - year - old daughter and 7 - year - old son when she stopped to get gas .
the campaigns of democratic presidential candidates hillary clinton and sen . bernie sanders have reportedly agreed to four additional debates , including one thursday in new hampshire before the state ' s feb .
this is not the first time a bbc drama has run into trouble over its dialogue being hard to hear .
the decision to go negative came after a narrow 5 - 4 vote at the bank of japan ' s first meeting of the year on friday .
we will now continue to move further and faster in 2016 to clean - up the bank and improve our core businesses .
but once allen , at the teacher ' s command , was made part of the group ' s inner circle , things began to look different .
when i was living with my parents , every time i would be a little late from school my real father would beat me up .
`` this is a criminal with a stolen gun who tried to kill one of our officers , '' he said .
it ' s about putting the ball in the back of the net which is why they have the points and we don ' t .
it ' s an unusual so - called `` first family , '' but so then was the island ' s first week after a landmark poll .
' i don ' t know what has changed , but i ' ve been coming here for years without any problem .
the company is happy to provide photo opportunities as johnson attempts to boost his international profile and , possibly , his chances of becoming conservative leader .
some 11 , 000 soldiers are currently deployed on the country ' s streets , more than half of them in paris , and the number of police on duty has shot up by a third to 80 , 000 .
we ' ll have live coverage of president obama ' s last state of the union address tonight at 9 : 00 p . m . eastern here on abc .
but the positive remarks did make it all worth it for me , it was nice to have some recognition for what i do outside of family and friends .
there is no such thing as a perfect centre - back , and sometimes , when you let a goal in , it is nobody ' s fault , especially if the other team has scored a good one .
if you are happy for your children to accept the excellent free education this country has to offer , then you should also be prepared to shake the hand - male or female - of the people who work so hard to provide it .
he caught the eye of tennessee williams : `` young man , i ' m going to write a play for you , '' but i don ' t think he did .
a further 26 % spend less than 10 minutes , while 16 % of women take up to half an hour .
a mother whose son was killed as her children walked to get a school bus had been banned from driving at the time of the incident , a court has heard .
there are more opportunities than in the state system , if there is talent there to be developed at that stage .
so it ' s not out of the way for us yet to see significant fire danger come back again in mid - january .
that means britain has the ability to deliver a nuclear strike against an enemy at relatively short notice , even if the policy of the moment is not to do so .
we talked all the time - even when he was playing that crazy game , he ' d always get off when i called .
at first thought , it is an unusual combination , but when you actually think about it , it really isn ' t after all .
it ' s not a rich school ; many families in the area are struggling on a day - to - day basis .
`` after work , i come home and i have a glass of wine , and when i say a glass , i really mean four or five , '' she said .
however , as a higher of proportion of people were suspended as a result , there was a 19 per cent rise in the number of people forced to take time off .
the administration already has the authority it needs to take the fight to these radical islamist terrorists , and it needs to step up .
the data , obtained through freedom of information laws by the victorian greens , reveals the system is failing to cope with passenger growth .
so , next year , if we ' re sending this bill to a republican president , it will get signed into law .
it wasn ' t clear if any other officers involved in the case would face internal charges by the deadline , which is jan .
what ' s complicated to me , from an actor ' s point of view , is that i feel like everyone should be able to play everything .
there must be some kind of system there , or it would just be like throwing cash into the wind .
you see a strong syrian father bringing ( his ) family to safety on the shore and you can say , yes , that ' s a strong image .
one reason may be that doctors understand extra procedures do not always mean better quality of life , he said .
despite all this , if you want to establish your own campaign it can be hard to know where to begin and how to stay on track .
police are now appealing for members of the public who may have seen or heard anything suspicious on friday night to come forward .
`` as for all of us , we have to do some serious soul searching if we care for this country and its future , '' he said .
you start down a path in your 20s and then you get a family and you find you have locked yourself into a career that doesn ' t take much account of them .
in just the last week , he said about six parties have expressed a desire to buy the roughly 17 , 000 - square - foot building , which is listed at nearly $ 4 million .
the bank of england ' s base rate has not risen from its record low of 0 . 5 per cent since it was cut in march 2009 .
if we reach our ability and work hard as we have been doing , i believe and the whole squad believes , that there is an all - ireland for us .
`` it ' s very , very difficult for us to try to find safe ways to work around it , '' he added .
a key break in the case came from one specific phone number with a north georgia area code , court records show .
but clearly the responsibility to keep quiet and be loyal does not lie only with those who find themselves in opposition to the leadership .
in dead final matches since 2000 , the team who have already taken the series have won 33 and lost 12 .
for international travel , you can start five months ahead but try to have your purchase wrapped up 45 days before departure .
it says his comments were seized on by campaigners calling for the uk to leave the 28 - member bloc .
`` there has been no parties or events planned by the business or the management inside this facility , '' she said .
i couldn ' t be in that room , because i knew it would be so devastating that i wouldn ' t be able to take care of the kids after .
he said junior doctors had been left with no option and that the government ' s proposals would be bad for patient care as well as junior doctors in the long term .
the closing argument : if you want to stop trump , cruz is your best -- and perhaps only -- option .
so with his third oscar nomination in the bag - all for supporting actor , naturally - is he pleased with the way things have gone ?
campbell is 4 - 7 in his current role , and it ' s hard to see him being the guy .
the first peace talks on syria in two years began amid uncertainty , but now a key opposition group has decided to join .
`` harry doesn ' t need any help with exposure ; everybody in the world knows who he is , '' he told the daily star sunday .
she said : ' i was looking into the eyes of a terrorist and was very nervous , i ' ll be honest .
the 34 - year - old ex - tottenham player is out of contract at the club this summer as the sun reports that `` multiple `` premier league clubs are interested in the star .
`` it ' s a different age where i think consumers are more sensitive to these issues or looking at them more closely , '' roberts said .
the school ' s principal , robert robinson , said it was important that they were able to continue to offer that .
home defense and close quarters capable ... two concerns on the minds of many americans in light of recent events .
an inquest is due to begin on february 16 and police are trying to confirm his name and details of his identity before the hearing begins .
i ' m not sure he ' s quite there yet on the physical side and we ' ll only find that out when he has to have a couple of tough five - set matches one after the other .
and he sat me down , and he was asking me all these questions about the back story of my character .
but when youtube came around in 2005 or 2006 , suddenly all the music was available and you just had to do your own research .
i ' m not quite sure what we ' re supposed to do so i ' ve been writing just for you .
' i don ' t see the bars as being an essential part of parliament but it ' s the principle that matters .
however intent he may be on getting justice for his daughter , no father can easily listen to such allegations .
' it ' s not something i intended to do , the first time it happened was on radio one with greg james who played one of my videos on air , ' he said .
and the fact that such words as `` possibly `` and `` probably `` were used in the report , means there is no proof , nothing concrete against us .
lee has spent a lot of time with him over last month preparing him for what was about to happen next , and his job was to deliver when the time came .
but , he makes clear , the new job will largely be dealing with very different people - serious offenders , who should have been sent to prison .
a big part of the responsibility has to lie with the president who has never taken this issue seriously and continues to not really care too much about how it affects our economy , our national security and millions of families in the united states .
he later added : ' i would love for it to have been a simple mistake , but i don ' t think it was .
sweden accepted more than 150 , 000 asylum applications last year and , along with germany , is a prime destination for refugees and other migrants entering the eu illegally .
' i knew him and i just can ' t believe for one minute what has been said about him , ' she said .
i plan to take my five children on holiday to america next year , as a thank you for their support throughout it all .
i ' ve also been lucky to have had experience playing county cricket and other types of cricket in england .
in san francisco , for example , `` we will see business models develop around access to cars but not ownership , '' he said .
`` i just want to live in a safe place and have peace in my country , '' he said , as the rain began to fall outside his temporary home .
his death takes the state ' s holiday season toll to two , while victoria ' s now stands at seven and queensland ' s at five .
' this is another one of those places where hillary clinton has so much to answer for , ' he said .
she had an attitude that i think a lot of people can learn from -- to always stay positive and never give up .
and perry argued that cruz was the candidate best able to speak to the fierce anti - establishment sentiment that has defined the 2016 race thus far .
what i ' m doing is doing my best to make labour effective and the broader the church that we are , the more we reach out to the public and reaching out to the public is what we ' ve got to be doing .
you have to make the decision that what you want is to be a partner and a dad and involved and present and committed and you fight for what you want and you need and you love .
in march , the museum will re - launch its website so that it will read well on a variety of platforms , especially mobile - since more than 90 % of visitors to the museum carry a mobile device of one kind or another .
after tennis i ' m going to have to find something new , and it ' s not just about wanting to do things , it ' s everything i do , '' he says .
i ' m really proud of the way she is playing at the moment and feel like she can continue to improve .
' we have no memory , of course , of working on the show , but obviously it is a part of our lives , ' said james .
where children grow up in england is more likely to determine success or failure at school than in previous generations , a study suggests .
and some of the proposals that i ' m making may turn out -- are not as effective as others .
there ' s also a garden room , which is a nice place to have tea , read or look out into the garden .
work began after the fall football season ended and is expected to be complete by the start of the 2016 home season .
she sees this situation as a failure of the democratic process and suggests the need for the introduction of time limits on mps ' careers .
' that moment when i saw his face for the first time , it ' s just , it ' s incredible ' she recalled of when she saw a photo of him .
i don ' t mind the back to back , but the smart thing would have been 12 : 30 [ followed by ] 7 : 30 .
all in all , the gop candidates demonstrated that without trump on stage , it was difficult to hold america ' s attention .
`` the information gathered from all this wood is critical in understanding the houses alongside the fire that destroyed them , '' the team wrote on facebook .
but it was an opportunity to open myself up and get a fresh start , a better chance -- a second chance .
but if they are doing this , get someone who knows them well to have a word and see if everything is ok .
even though it wrote the guidelines , the department of health recognised in a consultation published in december that there was a serious problem .
though it seems almost certain the group will be dropping new material in the coming months , the question is whether we ' ll be getting an entirely new album , or just a single or two .
one thing we can do is have an impact on the state of our own mind -- how we ' re going to respond and recover .
`` the minister for human services , stuart robert , has received a letter from senator cameron regarding this matter and will respond in due course , '' a spokesman told fairfax .
and , she says , the city ' s elderly residents aren ' t getting enough help to cope with the water crisis .
the second reason is i think it would be better for david cameron to leave more time between , if he does get a deal at the february european council , to leave more time between that deal and the decision .
we ' re going to have to be very tough in terms of law and order , and standing up for what we consider to be correct values , '' he said .
they ' ve improved a lot in the last few years and it ' s great to see for women ' s cricket .
after breaking up with someone , seeing their facebook status change can often be a painful experience - but nothing more so than when you didn ' t even know things were over .
a spokeswoman for the south east sydney local health district confirmed they were contacted by the ship at the time of the outbreak .
he ' s a fighter , i ' m a fighter , jim is a fighter and all three of us are going to fight together until we get the crown .
`` as an actress , you go through developments in how you see your art : what you want to achieve , even how you think about it , changes , '' she said .
`` the new york times `` this week looked back through old polls and it turned out those candidates who have led in iowa or new hampshire , polls with just one month to go , have lost as often as they have won .
in a message to students on the school ' s facebook page posted late thursday , the high school ' s staff promised to return to teaching the community ' s youth .
there were no government schools for black children there and he ended up in a church school when he was 12 .
`` but these [ low ] prices will potentially be back , because the forecast for the next cycle is positive too , '' he said .
with this , i think you ' re finally able to see for the first time , really in my lifetime , a significant victory .
we need to do better in making sure everyone in the community knows how great our women ' s sports teams are .
because none of the women were physically attacked , his defense attorney claims his acts were part of a fantasy rather than a crime , the station reported .
police returned to the couple ' s property that day and forced entry as there was no answer at the door , but did not discover the bodies .
she was born in new york but adopted as a baby before growing up in california where her parents worked as tv writers .
`` i didn ' t want him to get to an age where he felt like he had to keep this secret for me as well , '' she said .
`` one thing that ' s quite sweet about the house is that it ' s broken up into little areas that you can get lost in - you can go at least eight days and find a different place each day , '' bowie said .
`` i did it just like a regular joe iowa would , '' he says of the online sign - up process .
' i am speaking out today because i don ' t want what happened to me to happen to any other young girl .
it doesn ' t take many people to make it loud , so i would be concerned about those who work or go there a lot .
`` they were sleeping rough in the parks or train stations and they were incredibly vulnerable in the circumstances , '' she said .
but he has surely been more prominent as an environmental voice in the past 20 years than he was before ?
mr turnbull said ratings agencies had given a `` very positive review of the government ' s strategy to move back into fiscal balance `` as recently as the december mid - year budget update .
`` at my direction , additional enforcement operations such as these will continue to occur as appropriate , '' johnson said .
so you can not see what france or germany , or italy or spain , or poland or sweden are saying about themselves to themselves , or tap into their view of the world .
the conditions have been imposed on the man , from york , by way of an interim sexual risk order which was requested by north yorkshire police , lasting up until may 19 .
`` how much alcohol someone drinks is a choice they make and with that choice comes consequences , '' he said .
`` i was one of these guys that maybe just let it go , didn ' t care , '' he said .
the man died in hospital early on sunday and the police watchdog has launched an investigation into the actions of the metropolitan police officers at the scene .
paul cook , by contrast , stuck to the team that began the day fifth in league two , in the play - off places .
i think it is probably true , and not just self - serving , that children gain more from spending an extended time abroad than the equivalent in a school .
with emissions standards changing however , more and more car companies are aware that moving to electric is the way forward .
and , now you know , here ' s somebody who seems to be willing to sell a gun to a 15 year old who had a known record .
we have a great , diverse history and culture and academy members don ' t reflect what ' s going on in america .
the wall street journal reports microsoft ' s chief legal officer as saying : `` you could be placed in a situation where you have to decide what law to break .
a yellow warning for snow , ice and rain has also been issued for the majority of scotland and parts of northern england .
in an attempt to stop the advance , a major coalition offensive is planned within the next few weeks or months , the paper reported .
and late last year , obama helped secure a new international agreement on climate change , a goal he laid out in his january 2015 address .
but others , like his brother , say they aren ' t willing to consider republican candidates because of trump .
these figures confirm what many of us have known for some time : that the church of england leadership is seriously out of step with its members , and even more so with society at large .
' i ' ve been doing this job for more than 20 years and i ' ve never stolen anything in my life , ' he added .
his supporters across the country -- from iowa to new hampshire to south carolina -- told cnn in interviews they simply believe islam is not a peaceful religion .
the latest figures show the foundation donated to charity just 24 cents of every dollar it raised in 2014 - 15 .
the mayor of a city south of mexico ' s capital was shot to death on saturday , less than a day after taking office , officials said .
in the back of my mind , i kept saying if i don ' t like it , i ' ll go back to school .
and yes , it would be politically difficult - impossible , perhaps , for a man of malcolm turnbull ' s wealth .
the 30 - year - old made 10 starts at the beginning of the season before jose mourinho was sacked after 16 league games .
it ' s unclear why any of the suspects may have targeted the man , who was a longtime real estate agent in the los angeles area .
it ' s hard to put it into a context of words that would have any meaning unless you ' ve seen it with your own eyes .
they ' re 32 passing yards away from becoming the ninth team to manage 4 , 000 passing yards and 3 , 000 rushing yards in the same season .
at the end of the week ' s court proceedings , the victim relatives who have come down hold a press conference .
the code is reviewed in every parliament , and it will be examined along with the guide to the rules .
it did not matter how small or large the act was , it was the fact someone took the time to help another person .
people who grew up in the city are having to move away from friends , family and communities to afford enough space to have children .
the previous best year was 2014 , with a fatal accident rate of 1 per 2 . 5 million flights .
the 67 - year - old said it was a `` natural `` way for americans to defend themselves and their property .
so , rich , if somebody comes back to the u . s . with that virus , is there potential they could spread it to others ?
and given it has been deeply eye - catching for 50 years , and fairly eye - catching for many people before then , that is now very eye - catching indeed .
unlike the united states and other european countries , germany still has a low level of credit card use , according to industry statistics .
and two , there ' s obviously a lot of concern among republican voters about any actions that could limit their access to guns .
they both have a lot of quality players so regardless of who they put out , it will be a good test .
however , more traditional methods such as meeting people through friends or through a shared interest shouldn ' t be forgotten .
but you ' ll be spending at least three years at university and it ' s vital to pick the course and university that suit you best .
and that , maybe , for the academy to go outside a few well - worn areas is a good thing .
i haven ' t even started on her yet although last week i did a little bit , i guess but we haven ' t even started .
i worked with him when he was party chairman in 1997 - 8 - he was there in our hour of greatest need .
mr . trump has been a supporter in the past , and we ' re grateful for him then and now -- along with the many , many donors that contributed to this event last night .
the most incredible part of this experience has been the support luke and our family have received from the community .
yet even here , in a small island community on the edge of europe , the refugee crisis has had a huge impact .
netflix , as part of its global expansion efforts , plans to expand into russia , according to a report in a russian newspaper .
my heart goes out to the recent family whose two little boys lives were taken only days ago by their father .
in effect , this latest theory attempts to solve why we ' see ' the amount of dark matter that we do , but explains why it is not visible at the levels expected .
for example , they may no longer be able to smoke in their workplace or in places where they meet with friends or family .
those on the list have either been convicted or suspected of involvement in serious crime such as murder , terrorism , rape or major financial fraud .
if we don ' t get around that level , it might be the beginning of the end , '' said a corbyn ally .
we need to put these performances together and if we can string some back - to - back wins together , because we can certainly do it at home , we can challenge for the top four .
a person familiar with the deal says the star free agent and the national league champions agreed friday night to a three - year contract for $ 75 million .
`` i ' ve been putting in a lot more hours on the court especially , not so much in the gym , but on the court , '' he said .
about three weeks into an extended five - week break , she noticed some energy returning , felt the desire to start moving again .
`` it ' s done in the spirit of the star wars films , '' he said , obviously holding back .
i am not sure that we ' re going to be able to do this , to help so many people from so many different countries .
watson threw another touchdown pass to cap a wild 40 - point fourth quarter , but would not get another chance .
at a meeting scheduled for later thursday , the committee was expected to vote on strike demands it would make to the school district .
the claimed majority is a function of the reduced influence of the former prime minister within the liberal party , since the september 14 change .
my parents thought i would settle down a little bit if i went to train in a strict , harsh environment .
the scottish government said the latest funding would aim to offer treatment to an additional 10 , 000 patients in the first year , an increase of about 25 % on current numbers , rising to 20 , 000 in 2019 / 20 .
i think , believe it or not , melbourne and brisbane probably turned more than canberra and sydney , which is amazing .
the mail on sunday reports the couple has not made a final decision about where to send their son and are considering both public and state options .
the cuts include 600 people working at north sea projects : they ' ll lose their positions over the next two years `` with the majority in the first year , '' he said .
that could be used for decision - making problems - to help doctors make treatment plans , for example , in businesses or anywhere where you ' d like to have computers assist humans in decision making .
according to the telegraph , he used these stories to begin legal action - but the details changed significantly over the years .
`` there really weren ' t any programs out there where children could learn these skills and also make friends in the process , '' she said .
and with iran ' s population of around 80 million , much of it young and eager to spend after years of cheap chinese goods , western companies can not get there fast enough .
a simple fact is that if you haven ' t got those players , you have to make do with the players that you have .
my brothers taught me , ' you don ' t knock on the door of hollywood and ask to be let in .
she said : ' at one point , i gave him a proper talking to , telling him he had to be strong and had to pull through for me and the kids .
mr lee is the fifth man linked to a shop selling works critical of china ' s government to be reported missing since october .
`` if you feel a cold coming on , that ' s when you can increase that amount , '' she added .
gary turnbull , general manager for the shopping centre , said : ' the emergency services do an extremely important job keeping the public safe .
in some cases that we have seen with flooding , people need to think what they may need to take with them if they are evacuated .
given the fact that we have about 19 trillion in debt i think it ' s fair to ask do we want to have the federal government replacing all the infrastructure put in place by cities and states all across the country .
`` there ' s certainly food for thought for those wanting to transfer some of their equity to a home on the coast , '' dr wilson said .
i was 20 years old and delighted to be representing united in that competition , but it meant we had to pull out of the fa cup .
they were designed to bring public spaces back to life after world war two - it was art for everyone .
yet the islands ' wild , isolated reputation seems to have caused many to forget that they ' re just a quick flight away from the mainland .
authorities have reported two additional storm - related deaths in pennsylvania , bringing the number of people killed in the storm to at least 31 .
so when three 18 - year - old kids are driving out 30 minutes to go to a trump rally , i mean -- that ' s a movement .
and given that they ' ll be back off overseas in no time , it ' s no surprise this one is sold out .
if they want 60 pieces of wood , they have to bring more than 60 people because it ' s one piece for one person .
having said that , change is always a pretty good thing and i am looking forward to what lies ahead .
' but it sounds like it ' s more or less - if we don ' t want him : no one else can have him .
it has been claimed that on several occasions that he was approached by british intelligence officers and offered the chance to work as a double agent .
i ' m hoping it ' s just two bad weeks in front of goal and we can turn it around .
the associated press doesn ' t typically name victims of extremely severe abuse , but the victims in this case have told their stories publicly .
' she didn ' t want to throw him out on the street but give him time to find somewhere else to live .
`` this isn ' t an oregon problem , this is a national problem , and it ' s happening everywhere , '' he said .
the real issue is when we look at the poverty rate among the african - american community , when we look at the high unemployment rate within the african - american community , we have a lot of work to do .
so , the idea of doing a show with netflix is like doing a five - hour movie , which is my dream .
`` i believe that victoria police are doing the best they can with the powers they ' ve got , '' he said .
the prison time was later reduced to eight months on appeal , but the fine was raised to £ 4 . 1 million .
although you might be fine right now , it doesn ' t take much for any of us to fall off the edge .
he has warned that without the powerful law - which is under threat from a government review - he might not have found out the truth about what happened .
that money would flow on to the states but the policy would also help the federal government through reduced law enforcement costs .
no charges were filed immediately in the death of the 31 - year - old woman , who also has a three - year - old daughter , but a grand jury could review the case .
' it wasn ' t until december that we found out the actual age of her and decided not to let her have anything to do with him .
' because the under - eye area is so complex , you can ' t put in one mass of product and think it ' s going to solve the problem .
it ' s a really dangerous area , we are very scared that the russians will send them back and they will be killed .
it adds : `` one mp described how she had to get her husband to go out and look down the street before she could go out of the front door .
if any private company has an application they want to put on it , we ' ll ask them to pay an access charge .
' now we can walk down the street together as she hold my hand , it ' s simple things we never thought would be possible .
in fact , it turns out more of us are sitting in front of the tv to watch the cricket than the tennis .
if you ' re going to make people hurt a little on a movie set , it should be for a cause like this .
the communities secretary , greg clark , said the government was `` pulling out all the stops `` to hit its target of creating a million new homes by 2020 .
but this report is very important and has implications for any person involved in the areas in which zika virus is going on , '' he said .
every morning i spend a certain amount of time asking myself how i feel , if i have any new side effects , or if it looks like being a good day .
if you can ' t make money at this australian - dollar gold price you should probably open an ice - cream shop .
the state department was scheduled to release more clinton emails friday , while asking a d . c . federal court for an extension .
the conflict that began in march 2011 has killed more than 250 , 000 people and wounded more than a million .
the heavy snow should begin falling friday afternoon in washington , and keep falling into sunday as it moves up the coast .
osborne is expected to go further and introduce a flat rate of tax relief for everyone , perhaps set at 30 per cent , next year .
even prosecutors , who are more optimistic about the pace , say their discovery documents won ' t all be ready until september .
in an interview published in the daily mail today , she claims he forced her into an open marriage and turned their son against her .
we say to the government , yet again , take a lead from these businesses and invest in our steel makers .
the funding for mental health services will require congressional approval , and the funding to hire more agency workers may as well .
as far as i am concerned he is still england captain because we ' ve not been told anything different .
the study results are based on a national survey of more than 17 , 000 middle school and high school kids .
i ' m also finding my office mate to be a negative person ( both about work and life in general ) and this is getting me down .
but an increasing number of people will also come from south west asia and northern and western africa adding further pressure to europe ' s worst migration crisis since world war two .
other countries in europe are already using similar measures as they struggle to cope with the number of migrants and refugees arriving .
so when you make no secret of wanting me to be elsewhere , i try not to take it personally .
he ' s played there a bit before , but it was only his second game in that position for me and he ' s really enjoying it in there .
the company is so large at this point that where apple goes , the stock market often follows - and apple shares are going down .
i ' ve said for , you know , for a long time that i ' d be happy to have more debates .
it ' s 90 minutes of playing with such intensity that you feel like you ' re going to throw up afterwards .
a woman has been caught driving through a fast food drive - through with a blood alcohol reading four times the legal limit .
of course , you are unlikely to increase your activity levels - or , indeed , stick to my eight - week diet - unless you are fully motivated to do so .
`` the british people and i want a system where you have to pay in before you get out , '' cameron said in an interview with british television .
if your annual income from state pension , private pension , salary or investments ( such as a buy - to - let property ) is more than £ 10 , 600 , you must pay income tax on it .
you and i both know the only reason their ratings are as high as they were on the first debate is because donald trump was on the stage .
' i ' d learn the capital cities and countries , any knowledge that i could possibly use for game shows really .
`` no one has seen or heard these suspected terrorists but the french don ' t just dream these things up , '' he said , referring to a tip that came from french foreign intelligence .
more than 50 uk council workers have been suspended after being accused of breaking social media rules , according to freedom of information request by bbc radio 5 live .
on january 19th 44 members of parliament in the governing coalition sent a cross letter to their boss , angela merkel , who is the refugees `` chief advocate .
this gives us a chance to help them jump - start into 2016 , but also to explain to them that there is a lot more to their job that maybe they sometimes think .
`` we all are aware that our membership is pretty closed , if you will , '' she said in an interview friday with the associated press .
`` former president bill clinton has been running around the country and the other day he said you know , bernie sanders is angry , '' sanders said in clinton , iowa .
now 43 percent say national security issues will be most important in deciding their vote for the nomination , followed by economic issues at 27 percent .
as i lay in my hospital bed , i could only think that this was it : my life as i knew it was over .
the south korean military is continuing to keep a close watch on any signs of north korea ' s long - range missile test .
but only one of the allegations was seized upon in press reports : that the two had a sexual relationship .
social workers and their legal advisers work under huge pressure , much of it imposed by the requirements of the court .
under new laws being introduced by the uk government , direct marketing companies will soon have to display their phone numbers to customers - companies that do not will face fines of up to £ 500 , 000 .
the group , which included a couple of women and some boys and girls monday , did not release a copy of its demands .
`` this is radical because we ' re saying there isn ' t this narrow standard of what a beautiful body looks like , '' best said in the online video .
i ' ll be doing lots of interviews this morning and there will be one where i get it wrong and that ' s the one that everyone ' s going to be focused on .
it ' s so low it ' s tracking the reserve bank ' s measure of underlying inflation , so the buying power of private sector wages has frozen .
most researchers who study this area of the brain vote for the last option , and they are busy trying to find all the reasons why .
if anything good has come of the trauma , it is that i have a strategy for how to deal with my own children when they reach their teens .
like many of the people we try to help , my colleagues and i are engaged in a constant battle to stay positive .
the way the guidelines are now presented also makes it clear that 14 units per week is a limit , not a target .
`` i don ' t look like the typical pop star , '' she says , but she could still prove to be the next mass - market household name .
the australian of the year is nominated by the public and chosen by a panel , in recognition of their contribution to australian society .
mps said they had done this because the situation was too urgent to wait for the full inquiry to be completed .
however , certain checks need to be done to give the buyers peace of mind that they ' re buying a genuine second - hand car .
we ' ll spin the wheel once again and all - stars will give us their best tip saving in that category .
but the scientists said that some of the signs of heart disease appear to have been severe enough that they very likely caused people to suffer .
`` her passing is a great loss to us all and our thoughts are with her family at this time , '' said the post .
i don ' t understand how somebody could identify with lord jeff , didn ' t do a lot of great things .
until then , the problem for tim cook is that growing is hard to do when you are already so enormous .
so i have to do well this week , win some matches , and to have the chance to maybe make the final will be huge , and maybe then more confidence into the australian open will be a different thing for me .
mr hunt said this was not the case , but insisted that the government was committed to delivering a wider range of nhs services in hospitals at the weekend .
`` we make every effort for the scottish people not to have to face a choice between britain and the eu `` she said .
the government said the plans were intended to round off a series of reforms announced in 2011 , following the arab spring .
police are becoming increasingly concerned for a mother and 18 - month - old baby who have been missing since new year ' s eve .
the moon may be the closest object to us in space , but scientists are still struggling to understand how it got there .
scientists also suggest that that modern humans , who started out in africa , weren ' t prepared from the harsh winter conditions in europe .
it ' s never been about profit for us because more than 90 per cent of what we take goes to good causes .
although there is no immediate danger you need to be aware and keep up to date in case the situation changes .
the media are encouraged to speak to royal communications should they wish to broadcast or photograph on the estate , it adds .
i was pointing out the fact that hillary clinton will do anything to gain and hang on to power , anything .
the home side will look to be continue strong recent form against the visitors in a match up between the no .
it decided that any organisation which wanted to offer financial advice had to charge customers a fee , and they also had to spell out the annual cost of their investments .
more than 900 people in england , wales and northern ireland tested positive for drug - driving in the run - up to christmas , police figures show .
`` they ' re not traditional love stories , but that is what they are at their core , '' he said .
clinton has repeatedly tried to demonstrate her wide experience on domestic and foreign issues , saying she ' s the one who would be able to get results in washington .
the investment that it needs in its young people , its non - oil industries , its tourism infrastructure and much else will not come cheap .
as i travel the country , i consistently hear americans say that they want washington to build on the progress we have made to increase access to coverage , drive down the growth of health costs and improve the quality of care .
`` we haven ' t done much travel in our lives , but now we ' re off - you won ' t see us around here for long , '' the wife said .
he can ' t move his right arm and has limited movement in his right leg , both of which cause him pain .
`` we don ' t know for sure what is going on and when it will end , '' she says .
jessica simpson posted this photo on instagram with this caption : `` eric ' s driver , '' may 27 , 2014 .
a baby was recently born in hawaii with the condition ; officials said the mother was infected while living in brazil during her pregnancy .
it is the latest in a series of steps by the law and justice party to gain control over the country ' s courts , intelligence services and public media .
when people say to us ' i could never do that ' , i get them because we never thought that at the beginning either .
it was the fact that if you don ' t set a specific goal , then how can you expect to hit it ?
but she said it would be a `` bad idea `` to make a decision on her future before the end of the season .
i ' d just turned 16 , and i didn ' t realise what i was doing at the time , and didn ' t realise the show was going to become what it is .
there has been a surge in the numbers of people going to accident and emergency units in england over the winter .
the story began in february 2015 when justin smith was walking home after a night out at a bar with friends .
the father of a baby girl whose mother allegedly rolled over onto her while high on drugs says the child has died .
however , the victim was talking on her mobile phone when she was crossing the road before being knocked down by the blue vehicle .
one of the key reasons is obvious : those who work in the advertising industry don ' t reflect the diversity of consumers .
of course we want to have a good start , an early goal , but sometimes it can be hard .
it ' s a perfect example of why laws like right - to - try are needed , '' he said .
us authorities are just starting to lay out guidelines for drone use , and a human - passenger drone seems certain to face strict scrutiny .
a british man convicted of killing his american wife and their baby daughter who always claimed he was not in the house at the time of their deaths has finally admitted he was present during the crime .
`` i ' ve made it very clear you need to score goals to win the game and canberra had chances to score and we didn ' t , '' reid said .
the court was told that he had been primarily responsible for the mother - of - two ' s care , but did not face a trial because he had returned to his native pakistan .
i ' ve got a wonderful client who , when she first came to me , had recently lost her husband .
and that will make for a constant stream of high - profile news in spain , which is in an economic recovery but still has sky - high unemployment of 21 percent .
i couldn ' t have been able to do what i have in such a short space of time - it would have taken so many years to establish myself .
many of them gave up their christmas and new year to support flood - hit communities and we will continue to invest in them to allow them to work safely and effectively .
the researchers found less evidence that the improved access was delivering better health , as residents `` self - reported health changed little in all three states .
`` this is our second bay - to - city and we ' ve done the city - to - bay four times , '' he said .
`` they ' re pretty to watch and we love them , some of them are very beautiful to look at , '' he said .
german federal police said they had identified 32 people who were suspected of playing a role in the violence , 22 of whom were in the process of seeking asylum in germany .
sanders tells cnn ' s `` state of the union `` that his campaign has gotten lots of people involved in politics who hadn ' t been before .
`` you can ' t guarantee you ' ll be able to stay if you ' re not improving your language , '' cameron said .
on tuesday , illinois said two pregnant women tested positive for the virus after traveling to countries where zika is found .
they said the water had a good chance of coming in the house but , not really knowing how bad it would be , i kind of dismissed it and went back to bed .
the uk is set to have a referendum by the end of 2017 on whether or not it should remain a member of the european union .
he could do it , but there is a lot of pressure on him because i can not see anyone else doing it .
there won ' t be any development delay because of it - they caught it early so hopefully there won ' t be any long - term effects .
the society believes the cuts could make the parks more vulnerable to calls for local councils to take over some of their work , including planning policy .
but there has been widespread criticism of the slow response by city authorities , amid accusations of an initial cover - up and controversy over the mayor ' s advice to young women following the attacks .
the suspension came just a week after he was recalled to the england squad , 18 months after his last appearance .
but i think it [ appearance ] can be a factor with officials , depending on your personality and how you play .
he ' s one of those guys who make you a better player , he ' s beaten me on the biggest courts around the world .
the 12 - year - old lost her first pregnancy after two months and her second after less than a month , the press release said .
he also said that bank of japan will do whatever it takes to get inflation up to its target of 2 percent on annual basis .
the debate centres around the fact that some 2 . 6 million women had their state pension age delayed - in some cases twice , and by up to six years in total - without proper notice .
a lot of young people don ' t drink that much , certainly not the way my generation did , and not as much as the older crowd .
at the time , she and her husband were living in minnesota , where tim was a manager in the federal prison system .
and no , he wasn ' t expecting to produce two goals and three points in his first three games back .
we can definitely lift in that area , we ' re getting out - worked at both ends of the floor at points of the game when a team like perth can break it open .
he was shut down after two games during spring training last year , never throwing a pitch in the 2015 regular season .
`` at least 14 people have been slightly injured , along with one medium injury , and a heart attack case registered due to people pushing `` amid the smoke , the media office tweeted .
she said if those who want to change the situation in hollywood were not taking action , they were supporting it .
it had a caption in which she complained her son had to `` put up `` with regular attention from police .
`` the department was also made aware of video footage that had been posted on social media , '' he said .
it had previously heard he was set to benefit from a `` success fee `` after northern ireland ' s biggest ever property deal .
`` if anybody was normally to walk down the street they wouldn ' t notice the difference between these properties and any other properties in the street , '' he added .
the soldiers are among thousands protecting sensitive sites around france after the deadly terror attacks which left 130 dead in paris last month .
now we have to work on this situation and then in the summer , believe me , we will be prepared for the next season .
at least seven people died and at least 85 were injured as a result of the quake , a police spokeswoman said .
there are probably a number of sports that have been in the olympics that haven ' t had a long - term surge in participation from it .
' the response to the post has been absolutely amazing , i never expected it to be shared so many times and i ' m so grateful to everyone for spreading the word .
this year they are set to receive less in total while many say they will get less than they had originally forecast .
`` my wife and i had only been together two years when the trouble started , '' he told the bbc .
it ' s powered by a built - in battery , which also offers your phone a boost of up to 120 per cent to its battery life .
i pick up some plants in the mountains , so i ' m heading to the mountains now -- it ' s the usual work i do .
it was not a nice thing to do - we were supposed to ask lots of questions in order to keep people on the line .
a threat is made against the uk with video using footage of the house of commons vote in favour of strikes in syria .
but then he got sick and i realised that this is not what makes you a man ; it ' s what is on the inside .
before i even think about who i want to fight , i have to think about what i want to do -- if i ' m even going to take a fight or not .
merkel was put under immediate pressure to close the country ' s borders again as her open - door policy became viewed as a security threat at europe ' s borders , with critics claiming that it gave an opportunity for isis terrorists to enter europe .
the syrian conflict has prompted the worst humanitarian crisis , since the second world war and the violence and suffering shows no sign of ending .
he believes these will be in addition to those already being built in the uk , which still fall short of the minimum 250 , 000 homes a year we need to meet demand .
with gender equity and family balance taking on greater importance in the technology industry , microsoft in 2015 announced plans to offer 12 weeks of paid time off to all new parents .
the first night - train i took was as a sixth - former , on a school trip to the soviet union .
the population of the camp has more than doubled - there are an estimated 2 , 000 people here now .
even so , morgan stanley ' s analysts think chinese firms have a fair chance at becoming world - class in certain parts of the industry .
gdp per person is down from a post - soviet peak of close to $ 15 , 000 in 2013 to around $ 8 , 000 this year .
' it just broke my heart , ' says jean , spreading out the article she has kept in front of her .
he might talk about `` paying down the national debt , '' but actually the government is doing nothing of the sort .
he ' ll have a rest for a couple of weeks and hopefully get himself right for ( the upcoming tour of ) new zealand .
australia ' s economy has been one of the best - performing in the last 25 years , across everything from gdp growth , income growth , the unemployment rate , and inflation .
they said a vaccine might be ready for testing in two years but it could be a decade before it is publicly available .
i still have a long way ahead and am still very young , so i don ' t mind to stay here another year .
that night , president ronald reagan addressed the country , speaking directly to the nation ' s children : `` i know it is hard to understand , but sometimes painful things like this happen .
then , if the numbers start to increase like they did last year , we will be in significant difficulties .
speaking about her inspiration , she said : `` you have the idea of being in the shadow of a great artist .
when she last spoke with the 73 - year - old , who requires a hearing aid , he said he was going to stay at his house .
the driver of the car looks between her friend , the video maker and the traffic lights with a huge smile on her face .
donald trump has threatened to pull £ 700 million worth of investment from scotland if mps ban him from entering the country but locals say investment and job creation have already failed to live up to promises he made almost a decade ago .
but the way he did it though , and this is an interesting thing because as much of an artist as he is , he actually wants the director to be comfortable .
that event will be a great preparation for rio and i am confident that i can keep building on this in the coming months .
jackson is a member of one of pop music ' s royal families , sister of the late michael jackson and the jackson five .
i ' ve also given him a structure , in that the narrative follows the nine days between his release from prison and his death .
eddie jones wants a guy who will go out with an edge , not one who is possibly politically correct and safe .
after officers did a preliminary search , there were no reports of anyone injured , and there was no immediate evidence to suggest a gun had been fired , jones said later in the morning .
all are still very much in the race , but perhaps slightly less rock - solid than they looked going into sunday night .
there will be young people , of course , who are supported in the arts by their parents , but we want a gold standard of arts education for all our children .
we ' re confident our message is getting across and that people who previously haven ' t voted conservative - perhaps ever - are giving us a proper look .
a much lower than anticipated december quarter inflation release next week could tip the balance though in favour of a february cut as it would make two quarters in a row of lower than expected inflation .
still , the five - year police veteran managed to return fire and wound the suspect , who was later arrested .
it ' s partly because i ' m usually playing with other guys , but it ' s also because of how i view the sport .
this is a big problem that ' s been going on for many years , and we can ' t just change a culture overnight .
nigeria will continue to face pressure from the us to back down on `` anti - gay `` legislation - which includes jail terms for those involved in gay rights organisations and for those that attempt same - sex unions .
in the face of the worst start of a year to the stock markets for a generation , osborne said that the problems could be overcome .
he will be one of the guys desperate to get a big score to get his test career up and running .
it is quite small so you can fit it in your pocket , but there is a lot of stuff in it .
in the time period before humans manage to escape to the stars , they will have to be `` very careful , '' he says .
i haven ' t been able to see it yet but i ' ve heard it ' s amazing and so nice it ' s sort of this continuing part of everyone ' s cultural shared cultural knowledge .
so , what is it like to have a holiday - sorry , take a diplomatic trip to further british interests abroad - at an ambassador ' s residence ?
in iowa , clinton is seen as better able to handle gun policy and terrorism ( her biggest strength ) , while sanders has an advantage on wall street reform as well as taxes .
and it was better than the other options available at the time : government - run testing centers where clients could wait most of a day to receive their test , or private hospitals that charged as much as $ 100 .
well , in iraq 10 years ago this week , a place that turned out not to have any nuclear weapons .
`` no one wants to hear about how deeply you ' re in love with each other or where you went last weekend or the fight you had in the car this morning , '' she explains .
those guys gave me my start ... and towards the end i watched them more closely to see how they do their craft .
we had a few trips to the united states to meet with the team and they decided our technology , commercial model and consumer experience was what they were looking to achieve .
he insisted that it was possible to find a ' third way ' solution that did not involve leaving the country in the hands of assad or the hands of is .
it ' d be interesting to see at the end of this season whether that sort of rate of turning up for the first time is still as high as it has been or not .
i have to ask you guys , what is the best part about having a brand - new baby brother ?
i was going through a divorce and felt i had lost my identity towards the back - end of my career .
but her supporters aren ' t so sure , especially as they have seen bernie sanders ' poll numbers surge .
the benefits are fewer and apply to a smaller group of people than previously thought -- in the uk , women over the age of 55 are the only group in which it has the potential to significantly reduce risk of death .
these findings suggest that women may be more likely to place the blame for their lower income on themselves , and not on gender discrimination , the study authors said .
williams is the better player , though , and indeed she ' s better than the overwhelming majority of players who ' ve ever played the game .
a number of other british arms - trading partners with controversial rights records do not make it onto the official list of concern .
john ... it ' s not quite true to say we don ' t produce anything in australia these days .
the u . s . and russian governments - on opposite sides of syria ' s almost five - year conflict - both strongly support the geneva initiative .
if you ' ve never experienced it first - hand , the company ' s website will give you a taste .
the last thing i like to do is cruise places where i can ' t say who i am or what i do .
when he was asked where was this he said he didn ' t want to discuss it , explaining that he found it sensitive to talk about .
i mean sometimes we ' ve had ideas of what kind of sound to go for but usually what we start out going for changes into something else along the way .
president barack obama ( left ) speaks about bush ( center ) while visiting miami central senior high school on march 4 , 2011 in miami , florida .
the department of fire and emergency services said five fire crews and a specialist risk officer are dealing with the incident .
it said the price of property coming to market climbed 0 . 5 per cent in the last month , the second highest christmas / new year period rise since 2007 .
he was not charged with failing to stop at the scene , as he claimed he did not realise there had been a crash .
the european project can die , not in decades or years but very fast , if we are unable to face up to the security challenge .
she said : `` do i welcome the fact that there is a very small number of people who , by their own hand , have received injuries and will receive this treatment ?
instead , trump announced he ' ll hold a competing event in iowa , just three miles from the debate venue , that will benefit veterans .
our parents taught us the importance of encouraging one another and i don ' t think any of us would be where we are today without each other ' s support .
they are people who ' ve had it much worse than you ' ve ever had it in your life , '' she said .
and then she passed me the menu - which only she had - and asked if i ' d like to take it home for my wife .
the first few weeks of 2016 have been rough on economic data , the stock market and u . s . investors .
even in the two weeks when i trained with the team , i ' m picking up new things - and i ' m 35 years of age and don ' t even play for liverpool any more , '' he said .
british prime minister david cameron hopes negotiating reforms to the european union will convince uk voters to back staying in the eu .
in nearby countries , to which more than 4 million refugees from syria have fled , conditions are increasingly desperate .
then one third should be politicians , appointed from party lists in proportion to their party ' s showing in the last general election , to serve for ( a renewable ) five years .
if there is an obvious trigger , such as dust , try to avoid it - though that is easier said than done .
it comes months after another senior new labour figure admitted that another controversial policy - allowing round - the - clock drinking - had been a failure .
a recent major inquiry into such deaths found that mental health problems were involved in 23 % of them and that one in seven is from suicide .
if it wasn ' t for him , i wouldn ' t have met my wife and things would have been different for me .
for several weeks , he threatened to leave australia and return to london the moment he had any indication that his wife kim was about to give birth to their first child .
the united states and other global powers condemned north korea for testing another bomb , and the united nations security council met in emergency session to consider increasing economic and diplomatic pressure on pyongyang .
`` what new hampshire would do for me is give me the name recognition and people would get to hear who i am , '' kasich added .
also of concern is the state of the syrian peace effort , which is supposed to swing into high gear in late january with u . n .- sponsored negotiations between saudi - backed opposition forces and the iranian - supported government of syrian president bashar assad .
i think that african americans have a real fair point that the industry isn ' t representing them well enough .
there has never been a harsh comment - it has been very , very positive from the fans `` point of view .
`` after the first round , we sent out a survey to see how many people liked it and 100 percent of people who joined said they liked it , '' antonio said .
as he was finishing his round , he began to shake hands with guests waiting for a wedding ceremony about to begin .
the announcement came as the company came under pressure to increase revenues and become more aggressive against other social media competitors .
and there is little about what that drove him to such frequent phone - and text - based sex in the first place even at great expense to his career .
it will be easier to register to vote in oregon , but there will be another step to take at the polls in north carolina .
the real issue of being famous and dating is you ' re never in one place , you ' re always travelling , which is hard for you and your partner .
the annual rate change in rental prices from 2005 until 2015 in canberra was 2 . 8 per cent , lower than any other capital in australia .
this is now the job i ' ve had for the longest but it changes every day and that ' s the great thing about it and why you don ' t get tired of it .
we ' ve doubled in size year on year , and western australia has seen some of the most exciting growth yet .
the arrest was made tuesday at the couple ' s two - story apartment where they lived with their three children , police said .
there are three different ways candidates can make it onto the stage for the debate , which will be held just days before the feb .
just under a third ( 31 per cent ) of the nation say they need to book a holiday to survive january , a need that rises to 35 per cent among those aged 45 and over .
' i was told there was a 17 - page petition demanding i be jailed and the mine went on strike after i left , so they were making an example of me , ' he said .
' but they didn ' t see it that way and sent me a letter in january saying i had to leave the site .
new advice on how much people in the uk should limit their drinking is to be issued following the first review of official alcohol guidance in 20 years .
i meet people , interesting people and when i meet people with an extremist point of view , i report that to my senior investigating officer and get advice for my task .
`` first of all we have january , a few days still , and the season ends in the middle of may , '' he said .
it ' s easy to throw a match in tennis and not make it obvious but it ' s not something i think about much .
`` i think it ' s still too early for this talk , '' he was quoted as saying in the guardian .
he suggested that your family and friends may be the best people to measure whether you are with the right person .
all of these would definitely help , but in order to get to the point and to reach consensus on what we need to do , we need to share a common sense view of the truth .
there is also a private 20 - person theatre - which would have been perfect for a musical performance from one of his celebrity friends .
jeremy hunt warned that at least 4 , 000 operations would have to be cancelled and some a & e units would have to close because they may not have enough staff to run safely .
we need to start this tournament on a real high and go out with full confidence for this first game .
many of the environmental challenges we face are cross - border , so we must continue to work with our european neighbours to tackle them .
i still also believe that this man should not have been granted asylum after clearly breaking into the country in the way he did .
the man , who did not wish to be named , said he used to be a regular customer but had not been for some time .
the giant tech company issued a sales forecast that says revenue could fall at least 8 . 6 percent during the january - march quarter , compared with a year earlier .
news reports at the time , however , said higher amounts -- about 25 inches -- were recorded at washington ' s american university .
with less than a month to iowa , one - time front runner ben carson making big moves to shake up his campaign .
it was just so easy to eat and when i went out with my friends , we would all have the same stuff but only i would gain the weight .
i said i didn ' t ask to see him , but they said he ' s asking for a quick meeting , and so i received him .
the northern france camps , whose residents number under 10 , 000 , have relatively few residents compared to the total number of refugees coming to europe .
but i suspect that ' s probably only reducing them by 10 % , maybe 20 % in total , '' richmond said .
there ' s not sort of the educational support and the community support to pursue that trade at the level at which people used to do it .
its research found that one in three who spent the money put it into their property while just under a fifth put it towards a one - off purchase .
for the first time in three years , more than 25 percent of the economists forecast that growth will slip below 2 percent over the next year .
the gas leak ' s effect , however , can be seen on days when the library offers story time .
we are confident we can keep him but that might be different come the end of the season , depending on what we do .
that ' s not just the right thing to do , because that is what most of the refugees want , but it is value for money .
in 2009 - 12 , the most recent period for which statistics are available , 7 . 6 % of americans over the age of 12 were thought to suffer from moderate to severe depression .
his speech came hours after all but one of of australia ' s state and territory leaders signed a document in support of dropping the queen as head of state .
for weeks , businessman donald trump , who leads many polls of the republican field , has been suggesting that cruz isn ' t eligible to run for president because he was born in canada .
the research firm ' s latest figures showed the supermarket was the only one of the big four to post a growth in sales for the 12 weeks to 6 december .
we ' re seeing some short covering before a three - day holiday weekend and the year ' s end .
it was still a tiny bit too big , because i ' ve lost so much weight and i think there ' s only so far you can take a dress in !
i realized if someone was raising the issue with the u . s . government and members of congress , we could do something about it .
there has been little planning for a 2017 referendum , and it is understood the idea would be examined only as a last resort .
but though the iran deal may represent a diplomatic achievement for kerry , it will also create some challenges on his world tour .
`` now that i ' m a mom , i say whatever makes you comfortable goes , '' she wrote on her website tuesday .
his final breakfast show came on december 18 , 2009 , but he returned to radio 2 a year later to host a live weekly two - hour sunday show .
i could have ordered a drink myself , but he kind of presented in such a way that it ' s not really need to order .
to be able to hear what ' s really happening in the world , you have to block out 99 % of the noise .
`` i ' m still going to race , i just don ' t know how much yet , '' stewart said .
to him , he has every opportunity to beat djokovic on sunday if he ' s playing his best tennis .
almost 1 . 3 billion euros is expected to be spent on aid this year , covering food and other requirements .
the british government has refused to take any refugees who have travelled to europe , in contrast to germany , which is expecting a million people this year .
after all , your relationship with alcohol may be totally different to mine , and your personal life is probably different as well .
it will discuss the report at a public board meeting next week , along with the firm ' s two missed key performance targets .
he had to rush out of one woman ' s flat when he was called on his police radio to attend a raid at a cannabis factory - but returned afterwards .
mrs clinton , being the front - runner at present for her party ' s nomination , was no surprise .
he seems to have made the decision over the course of the past few debates that , win or lose , he ' s just not going to do that .
the 54 - year - old spoke to bbc sport in his first major interview since taking over at the st andrews - based governing body last september .
i didn ' t know about it until i arrived home to find out she ' d been ' crossing her legs ' for the last five hours .
but the list doesn ' t just include latin america , with u . s . cities st louis , baltimore , detroit and new orleans also featuring .
but i started to get a slightly better read on his serve as the match went on and i was able to make a few more returns .
ted cruz , trump ' s closest rival in the battle for iowa republican votes , challenged him to a two - man debate .
in real life , i had had sex with 500 men , most of them older than i was , by the time i was 16 .
`` i deny to have responsibility and duty to answer about this - if there is problem for the local church , i am not responsible for that , '' he told us .
we are not exactly sure what our repair programme will be for the remaining period during january but we will announce that by the back end of next week .
but her life turned , her parents say , when her behaviour began to change - the then teenager one day announced she had converted to islam and changed her name .
it ' s a 10 - second bonus to win , so someone only has to gap him by four seconds , so it ' s far from over .
last week three regional courts voted to temporarily ban the hunt ' s in a victory for animal rights protesters but several others decided to go ahead , the swedish local reports .
one on one he ' s a hard player to play against , so we ' ve got full confidence in him that he can do his role and take those big marks .
the first british woman to be found guilty of travelling to syria to join isis paid for the trip using a student loan .
she passed last night and we were not with her as we are back in florida , but she was in hospital with her son robert , he was by her side , ' she continued .
he was working his behind off and just didn ' t feel the love coming back from certain bbc executives .
he ' s just been difficult to home and in the last few years he ' s developed diabetes as well .
i have no idea about what ' s going on but i heard one security official talking on the phone to someone and said many people had been killed and injured .
i spotted it , it was there for me , a really decent gap , i ran at full pace , then in a second i was caught and hit .
poland is under pressure from the european union after the government approved laws allowing it to hire and fire the heads of public tv and radio .
we recognised him as being the same person we had spoken to on our first trip to the camp in november .
so before you join a carrier for a new time or switch to a new one , ask yourself these questions first .
we are short - handed but we ' ve got guys that are capable of playing big games as well .
' i told him it would just be a one - off thing but i can ' t get out of it now .
i don ' t know if you ' re trying to create a story about that match , or for that matter any of the matches of the top players losing in the early rounds .
after 68 minutes , he made his mark to ensure that chelsea would be in the draw for the fa cup fourth round .
so i understand and respect that the media must create these stories and these situations even if at times it is at other people ' s expense .
' my family threatened that if i told anyone , i ' d end up in care again , ' she explained .
there hasn ' t been too many matches where top players lost in last decade or so in early rounds .
but i did not want to drive my car home so i left my car there and that was why i was trying to get the uber to get home .
' she entered the taxi , took me by the hand and when the taxi driver asked is this man with you she confirm yes ' , he said .
in chinese society some believe that giving birth to a boy has a big influence on a woman ' s status , and a boy is more likely to earn money for the family as he gets older .
`` as well as being a wonderful and kind man , he was an extraordinary artist , and a true original , '' the band added .
it ' s sad the no . 1 side has only played seven [ or ] eight test matches in the last year and probably 16 in the last two years .
the town ' s mayor tells cnn that at least 50 people were killed in a truck bombing at the center .
she had an attitude that i think a lot of people can learn from : just to always stay positive and to never give up .
many of the regular trains to stations on the line are to be replaced by a bus , starting on monday 11 january .
like her friends , the teenager was sexually assaulted , had her hair pulled and was finally thrown to the ground after the men had finished with her .
black was reported missing by a family member a little more than two weeks later , but he returned home in mid - february .
these figures are worked out using the same method as we ' ve previously used for breast cancer and alcohol drinking - but show the risk for mouth cancer which affects both men and women .
he said he went through an hour of additional security checks , which caused him and his daughter to miss their flight .
we also have to have someone for president who knows exactly what they ' re going to do when they get there .
sometimes it ' s not with everybody and that ' s what kind of blind dates is about - trying to get people who would never really work with this kind of team to just meet , '' antonio said .
but what he liked about it helps explain why industries like steel are so much more than just economic units .
but although the couple split up for three weeks last year , they were hit with criticism when they got back together .
he said it ' s up to the state court to decide what to do with that order following the u . s . supreme court ' s decision .
he put in security and management teams at his own expense and provided regular meals from his hotel football to the new residents .
we know what they are doing and that there is a russian version , a french version of these videos , we know it ' s propaganda , and we make that very clear in all our coverage .
next week ' s planned walk - out by junior doctors has been suspended as talks continue with the government over new contracts , the british medical association announced today .
but they also expect ministers to leave space for the serious business of policy development in partnership with their departments .
the video was viewed more than 20 , 000 times and attracted hundreds of shares and comments five hours after it was posted .
rubio is the second most successful candidate among non - primary gop voters , getting 20 percent of their support .
following the appeal earlier today , the metropolitan police confirmed this evening that both georgia and her baby had been found .
despite paying their entire savings of £ 12 , 000 towards the debt , they kept receiving more letters demanding the total amount within seven days .
no wonder , then , that hollywood is changing the way it does business : from deciding which films to make , to who ' s cast in them , to dealing with international exchange rates .
over the past 40 years , western sydney weather stations have recorded a rise in annual temperatures above what would be expected through global warming .
it attracted big - name players and has given them first - class facilities in which to work , and has got the results .
he then went on to be the first prime minister of israel to be elected as president , serving from 2007 to 2014 .
we were not encouraging people to go out today , but people are feeling it ' s the time now to do big actions to show what they ' re feeling .
over the two years of working on the exhibition ' david bowie is , ' we ' ve come to feel as if he were a personal friend , '' the museum writes on its website .
and in a poor community like this one , with no running water , many families rely on school to provide a meal for their children .
we have capacity for 250 kids per week at the moment but have almost twice that number on our waiting list .
he also said that while his son still faced a few problems , he was delighted the child would be back in full - time education .
`` my intention was to let people who are homeless and on the street have a voice and let the world know their story so people in similar situations can learn from them , '' mr young said .
in the handful of confirmed cases in the u . s . , those infected traveled outside of the country and tested positive once they got home .
when president barack obama held a cnn town meeting on gun responsibility in america last week , he did something unusual in national politics these days .
don ' t get me wrong , i believe these groups are key in changing the world for the better and the work they do is vital .
we ' ve drawn up seven golden rules to make sure you get the best from buy - to - let .
you could always rely on him to do a pretty good job , so that ' s where he ' s missed and someone is going to have to step up .
`` not that it isn ' t worth picking up the paper , '' the lead story continued , `` there are some interesting items inside .
`` we often receive information from outside sources regarding opportunities for students to get involved in their communities , '' he wrote .
the incident raised questions over a cover - up culture in state medicine , with investigators only announcing the probe several days later , after security camera footage was released online and shown on television .
' our society is there , standing tall , it will not let itself be affected by terrorists , ' she said .
but many of these tax - free deals have been cut so much that they pay less interest than high street current accounts pay after tax .
to my wife , who i ' m sure is going to be watching back home just now , you ' ve been a legend the last two weeks .
i made it way more complicated than i should have , but i am pretty happy with it , so i guess it ' s ok .
`` it comes down to the question of how much can we reduce the risks and how much resources are we prepared to put towards reducing these risks , '' he said .
the latest fox news poll showed trump leads with 33 percent among new hampshire republican primary voters - behind him are rubio at 15 percent , cruz at 12 percent , bush at 9 percent and kasich at 7 percent .
i ' ve been based in new york , miami , los angeles , and now atlanta and have had the opportunity to speak spanish on a daily basis both at home and at work on the plane .
we over - estimated how quickly those markets would return to sustainable levels of revenues and profits from their peak .
i got to watch him from the inside and i was able to see how he works and how he does deals and how he was able to negotiate in difficult times .
10 , 000 characters is enough room to make a complete argument in favor of something , and then stretch your arms and legs into the remaining space so far that you double back on yourself , begin to make the argument against .
it was the first step in his hopes of winning his first super rugby cap after joining the brumbies ' extended player squad this season .
for me it ' s more promoting the idea of making clothes that take a long time and that you keep a long time .
but he doesn ' t want to leave : he ' d lose contact with his grand - kids then , and the family dogs .
it ' s important to remember australia , like china , is experiencing an economic transition as the mining boom winds down .
it ' s unprecedented in the history of the party , '' said jonathan london , a vietnam expert at city university of hong kong .
the number of pregnant women in colombia infected with the zika virus has doubled in a week , officials said .
i ' m not going to speak on his behalf but he has big , big ideas about what he wants to do and the irish open is a key part of that strategy .
high - wage , low - welfare cities are defined as those where average wages are higher than the national average , and welfare spending is lower .
more than £ 2 , 000 has been raised so far with donations coming across the world as people reach out to help the family .
more time to spend on your smartphone , more time to spend on fashion even if you don ' t always have the money to hand .
who would look after the boys if she died from a stroke or heart attack as a result of her weight ?
for significant service to members of the australian defence force with a disability , and to their families , through support organisations .
as shown in the pictures of him before the photo shoot , the grandfather lives a basic life with clothes to match .
the male suspect who shot the officer also suffered non - life - threatening injuries and was taken to a hospital .
as soon as i tell people we are meat - free , i just know a debate will start up .
it meant a day ' s more travel - but it cost him £ 7 . 72 less than the train equivalent .
all i know is i can no longer honour the loan and i will do whatever it takes to protect my family , protect my home .
of course we would have preferred to resolve this matter without resort to the courts but in the end this was not possible .
the idea that our laws should focus not on guns themselves but on preventing the people most likely to do our communities harm from getting guns is exactly why criminal background checks make so much sense .
the foreign minister , speaking to reporters at the u . n . , said that date is not as important as the intention to find a peaceful solution .
but i feel like i ' m hitting the ball well enough to go out there and give him a good run .
`` channel `` is the government ' s programme designed to stop vulnerable people from being drawn into violent and non - violent extremist or terrorist behaviour .
one u . s . official familiar with the latest intelligence said that it ' s estimated some 500 isis personnel may have traveled to libya in the last months of 2015 .
the fire that damaged a luxury hotel in dubai on new year ' s eve is now under control , the dubai government said in a statement friday .
even with this lower rating , however , thursday ' s debate was watched by more people than three of the four democratic debates .
her hair seems a little longer and her features a bit more defined than in previous photos the proud dad has shared .
but when you have your own place you don ' t get to do that -- because you ' re running it .
`` obama in 2008 ran a campaign which is really going to stay in the history books , '' he said , standing next to his campaign bus .
iran also faces warnings that western banks may hold off from backing aircraft and other deals until rules are clear .
the cost is only $ 10 , 000 ... if by some chance we save one life or reduce road trauma what a great outcome .
those who were thought to be sick or disabled , around 1 million in total , were sent to the massive hospital complex on the island ' s south side .
the cardiff blues `` chairman was quoted giving his support to the pair , saying that if the financial support were in place , why not bring them in .
we can only offer things and first we need to offer education and training and the possibility to work together with the best coaches and the best players we have .
but in general , less than 14 units , spread over at least three days a week should be ok .
when it comes to the campaign , if there are cabinet ministers who feel strongly that we should vote to leave the european union , they should certainly be allowed to do so without losing their seat .
even taking into account the overall drop in the size of the armed forces in recent years , the figures still represent an eight per cent fall in black and minority ethnic officers in the space of six years .
`` no - one has come forward about this man and with the case of my grandfather , no - one knows what happened to him , '' he said .
the girl finished sixth form in july 2012 , but it was claimed that the relationship continued until october 2013 .
and the only way to control the money is to ask the federal government to budget the way you do , to examine every dollar , to cut any dollar to spend -- to move any dollar .
' if your wife leaves you for another man , if you leave your wife because you don ' t like her , i don ' t care what it is .
so i wasn ' t interested in fighting david for custody because i didn ' t have a job , '' she explained .
`` they are going to face a challenging year because the previous year was so strong , '' he said of apple .
i also think our major recession in 2008 was caused by the fed by keeping interest rates below the market rate .
the heart of the show really comes from the collaboration of working with them , and knowing that they ' re bringing their values to the piece .
`` i understand the frustration of other teachers , because it is this wonderful thing that is slightly out of reach , '' he said .
`` this is to make sure we have that communication right across the sector ... so we can make sure that everyone knows what ' s happened , what could have happened and how to fix it - and to do so really quickly , '' he said .
the 30 - year - old left wing was picked as an all - star for the seventh time but ultimately decided the injury was not worth the risk .
the measured american response is more than just another instance of the obama administration trying to keep its distance from the middle east .
we ' ve had crowds of 4 , 000 - plus here before , but a sell - out is a first .
while the drug made me focus , it was on the wrong things - such as playing video games on my smartphone .
his father said he wants a new hand for his son , but he doesn ' t even have enough money to pay for his nurse .
i ' ll tell you what you also saw there ; the face of all of the female sports reporters to whom this sort of stuff has happened far too often and which , for reasons that entirely escape me , still happens to them in 2016 .
however , it notes there are potential `` difficulties `` with such technology , for example for passengers in a car and for people travelling on trains .
`` it ' s something that i can ' t control as well , so i ' ve just got to worry about playing ball , '' he said .
and he ' s looking forward to coming to canberra , a city that has a special place in his heart .
when i ' m there i don ' t feel i ' m away , i feel like i ' m at home ... i work there , i keep in very regular contact with all the people that matter .
since first providing her emails to the state department more than one year ago , hillary clinton has urged that they be made available to the public .
i never ever thought in a million years i would be here after one of my residents died this way .
a pregnant woman is one of three people in new york city who are infected with the zika virus , it was revealed thursday .
and there are more reasons as to why iraq , not syria , will continue to be the focus of the bombing campaign .
we ' re now learning more about who they were and the possible warning signs that this was no ordinary husband and wife .
in a video posted tuesday on instagram , trump asked his twitter followers if he should participate in the debate .
the dancing element makes it good fun , too , so you won ' t have to talk yourself into doing it .
10 , 2013 , with the caption `` what would i do without this beauty squad after the 15 hours flying and only 3 hours of sleep .
he may not always feel it in private , but it ' s how he comes across on tv and in the commons .
`` i know the media and the washington machine have been trying to block our message , but i didn ' t think they ' d go this far , '' paul said .
so it ' s like , just take advantage of these last few years because none of this is ever going to happen again .
[ clinton ] could just be picking up delegates left and right across the state and part of that comes back to having the organization early and on the ground .
he said the latest issue was linked to the dispute over pay and conditions in the department which has been going on since 2014 .
`` he ' s been in the league for a long time and a lot of guys respect him , '' one player said .
britain also declared war on germany , and if troops had been sent out it would ' ve taken them at least five days to reach the enemy .
so the two organisations have expanded their training of police in kenya as part of a six - month pilot programme .
it ' d be great to win a test match - we haven ' t won one for 12 months .
the state with the highest number of cases is hawaii , where six people have been found to have the disease .
`` it is not as if there was no communication , but i don ' t think it was strong enough , '' he said .
i ' m not sure it ' s very important - but still it was important enough for him to ask to leave the field .
so i have proposed that we take radical action to change the way we fund education , so that achievement and opportunity are not determined by how much a child ' s parents earn .
we had to cut away a lot that we wanted to talk about because there just wasn ' t time .
he said the man taken to hospital was a taxi driver who had been looking after the office at the time .
home secretary theresa may argued that the man had spent more than 40 years in pakistan before arriving in the uk in 2006 , and could return to family life there .
however , that wasn ' t looking likely in a few areas , particularly the hard - hit washington , d . c . , region .
people are writing eight , nine , 10 books with no scientific value but are still able to reduce their sentences .
`` you need to have a conversation with someone that you ' re working with early on about breaking up , which is really unusual , '' he said .
we are going to look after him and he will develop into the horse we think he will be , but he can have a go because there is not many chances to run in races like this .
a study by washington university in st . louis found that kids who have college funds are seven times more likely to go to college than young people who don ' t have a college fund .
the fifth - year coach said he won ' t have any more information on his status until after the meeting .
but apple ' s forecast , which calls for revenue between $ 50 billion and $ 53 billion in the current period , means the company will likely fall short of the $ 58 billion it had a year earlier .
`` he feels confident in himself , that is if he doesn ' t get what he wants , he will walk away , '' said the source .
a big reason why the market finished flat in 2015 is that company earnings growth has also been largely flat .
the trial to provide 24 - hour public transport to melbourne is in its second week , friday and saturday nights only .
' i thought it wasn ' t too expensive - around £ 50 - although i now that ' s way less than you should pay .
the french prime minister said a deal on reforms to britain ' s relationship with brussels was unlikely to be struck at a meeting of the bloc ' s leaders next month .
that kind of high - profile talking , anywhere from 200 to 2000 , that ' s been new to me .
police said lee returned to his car , which was still stuck , after he struck lee once and then shot him again multiple times .
she didn ' t welcome the body reflected back at her , `` so i chose to hate it instead , '' she said .
catherine won ' t be allowed out again until the trust that we had is built back up , but it won ' t stop me from being afraid of what could happen to her now .
many high rise units in melbourne are smaller than 50 square metres and so tiny that they would be banned in sydney , london and adelaide .
like last year the third round was the end for me , so i hope to go further this time .
if someone had told me this , i would have tried to find a healthy balance between friends and school work from the start .
`` in the past we were safe because we lived in hong kong instead of mainland china , '' she said .
police and partner authorities have also yet to draw up a consistent list of vulnerable sites , the force ' s civilian watchdog has been told .
earlier this month , the father of 11 told cnn he did not want to die -- but would never go behind bars .
it ' s very , very difficult but i do think there will be a solution to it and i do think we will get permission today to get the car - park sale to go through and people will get paid .
it ' s not that i don ' t have these discussions with my patients ; i have them all the time .
the european commission announced in june 2014 that it was investigating apple ' s irish arm over its tax treatment .
when it comes to the price of his book , at least used , we rate bush ' s statement as true .
although anyone following apple closely should have been ready for it , its shares still fell 5 per cent when wall street opened , the biggest one - day fall in nearly five months .
you spend much time and effort making your living room beautiful only to throw a great black box in the corner .
`` i played pretty much perfect tennis today from the very beginning i managed to get every shot the way i wanted , '' said djokovic told gathered reporters .
for instance , i wanted more time off over new year and she flew at me saying didn ' t i realise how stressed she was at home , her mother was ill and so on .
however , there has yet to be a complaint made against the club owners , according to the police - but if there were , they would investigate .
and he goes , `` well , basically when you walk from the camera or the monitor to me i can judge by the speed of your walk how many notes you have .
it came as he compared his treatment in the public eye as different to that of mayor of london boris johnson .
there were also problems over the weekend , with tennis and cricket fans suffering packed buses and long delays on their way home .
it ' s been a good week for us and now we can settle down again , collect our thoughts and go again .
two teenage best friends have been killed and a third seriously injured in a car crash just days after seeing the new year in together .
if the leader of a state used the same methods , should we hold him up as an example , as you do ?
however kate , pictured here holding a friend ' s baby , admits : ' sometimes i don ' t feel comfortable with our decision .
he said : ' i think i was about 31 or 32 and went to the doctors again and said ' i ' m desperate i need some kind of help , you need to try and help me .
but there is at least a tradition , one that survived the economic reforms of the 1980s , that labor is more attached to spending programs , and has greater faith in the capacity of collective activity to improve people ' s lives .
it found 58 % of americans saw japan ' s economic power as a bigger threat to the united states than the soviet union ' s military power .
but ultimately this is a case of personal responsibility , and that ' s where the real change has to come from .
four out of five people believe that it would be a risk for britain to leave the eu , according to a poll for the independent .
i ' ve only played nine under - 20s games , so to have the faith they ' ve shown in me they want me around is a good feeling that they care about you and want you there for the future .
`` today ' s radical new approach will mean the government will directly commission small and up - and - coming companies to build thousands of new homes on sites right across the country , '' he said .
president barack obama will not publicly back any presidential candidate before the democratic party has chosen who is to lead its battle to retain the white house in november .
the male suspect who shot the officer also suffered injuries that were not life - threatening and was taken to a hospital .
however he still requires regular check ups and is due to have a growth in the middle of his chest tested later this month .
there are few more iconic american travel experiences than a road trip , and few more spectacular roads to choose than u . s . highway 1 up the california coast .
the video showed what appeared to be just a small version of the iphone 6 - but it was fake , according to the report .
the required information on the officer involved in the incident includes age , gender , race , whether the officer was on duty or not , and what type of uniform he or she was wearing at the time .
[ what i mean by that is ] we know that in many countries young people are less interested in cars .
that ' s why working relationships tend to stay quite cool until , perhaps , one of the people has left the working environment and then , but only then , can some kind of closer relationship begin .
if we need to go separate ways on the tennis tour , that ' s ok , i ' ll see him eventually , soon .
in the early part of the 20th century , it was the dominant centre of southern california , accounting for 90 % of all retail sales .
she said : `` as a society and a government we should be looking at ways of trying to strip back talking about gender , and only do that when it ' s absolutely necessary .
' as an academy member , i would love to see a more diverse voting membership , ' she wrote on facebook .
how many healthy strong fit years have i got left to keep doing what i ' m doing , 10 or 15 , i don ' t know .
you don ' t have to be an important person , you don ' t have to be wealthy , and you can end up being friends with the president of the united states .
since new rules came into force in 2014 , the group no longer has a blocking minority in the european council .
we might imagine that when we remember an event in our lives , or a piece of information we studied , we ' re `` opening `` that file .
but as the concept becomes more well - known thanks to pop culture and politics more people are considering it for themselves .
vermont sen . bernie sanders said in a statement earlier this months that he was `` disappointed `` by the plan .
park said the hawaii case is a reminder that there ' s potential for diseases to be introduced to new areas .
but he does not expect russia to let the row hurt gas exports - the key economic sector in trade with turkey .
on her website , jackson shared she ' d just learned from her doctors that she needed an operation soon , though she didn ' t provide any details .
i mean , if we didn ' t get it , they ' d have got the ball on the 45 - or 50 - yard line , so it ' s not really like it would have been the end of the world .
new rules meant the huge amount of money had to be won or shared out after saturday evening ' s draw .
rubio is spending money on the fourth primary state -- nevada -- to try to pull off a victory there if he falls short in the first three .
i ' d come home at midnight and try to talk to my brother - in - law about the children ' s future .
he didn ' t , racing to a 5 - 0 lead and serving out the first set in 30 minutes .
people may not understand this , but there ' s probably a little bit of peace knowing where they were .
`` we played golf and continued to play for most of our life , and the people you get involved with in business are people who like golf and followed us through the years and they really enjoy the association , '' he says .
according to the hollywood reporter , 34 . 7 per cent of all television viewers in the uk on friday evening watched the special episode of the hit series .
the letter didn ' t mention the raiders , a person familiar with the document said on the condition of not being identified .
what i did in the first set wasn ' t enough , so i knew i had to play much better in the second and third sets .
we fully appreciate the impact an incident of this nature can have on the school and wider community however , events such as these are highly unusual .
colombia , which has the second - highest number of infections after brazil , advised women to wait six to eight months .
even though he ' s not great every night , there ' s great moments that are still left , and worth the price of a ticket to see those moments .
we [ just decided that ] we ' re bringing in a supporting cast that can create the best space for them .
we have been working super hard but i ' m sure england have as well and there will be challenges .
a show opened in new york recently that didn ' t get a whole lot of attention , but it features some of the most powerful singing voices you ' ve never heard .
to stay in a good position against man city , they need all the points , they can not ( pick and choose ) where they want to get it .
she didn ' t have to : in early 2014 she learned that the fifth attempt had worked - she was pregnant .
the man and his wife , who are recently retired , now plan to take a trip to australia and a caribbean cruise .
mr cameron , 49 , later told sky news he was too busy running the country to consider legal action .
`` i ' ve done a fair bit of training since the last national round and the legs weren ' t quite race fit at the start , but i ' m really happy with how the race went today , '' he said .
a video of the officer shooting mcdonald - which was not made public until more than a year later , on nov .
there are a number of differences between this approach and that used by , for example , the uk met office .
labor law : the u . s . supreme court will hear a case from california on monday that challenges pro - union laws in more than 20 states .
if you have a smart home system like those made by samsung , this lock can be triggered from your phone to open your door .
it was the only mistake he made , but it was a disappointing one as he did not give spurs another good chance .
the woman whose boyfriend forced her to walk the streets of new york city completely naked is breaking her silence following his arrest .
ms sturgeon posted a message online saying she would announce details of scottish government support for those affected by the flooding during a visit to the north east on saturday .
if we are going to allow something like this go viral let ' s do it for the right reasons !
in a day , i would probably do two hours ' work - an hour ' s training , an hour in the gym , then the rest would be free time .
i was admitted to the hospital for a month to run tests in hopes of finding a way for me to gain weight .
`` we ' ve had several discussions with chris over the past day and he has acknowledged that his comments were out of line , '' he said .
we have more to do , and we will be doing that in the very near future , '' sanders said .
he ' s a head coach waiting to happen any time and hopefully he ' ll take his time and stick around here for a little while but i know people will be coming after him this summer , as they should .
that ' ll be in a few weeks from now , in february , when we ' ll have many more birds coming from eastern europe .
it made headlines in july last year when the new york times published a long and comprehensive article about it .
but i had already agreed to do the new show , and it was a year on from my husband dying .
there wasn ' t any one thing that helped me , it was a collective , mainly in the family .
the forecast there calls for snow to start falling overnight friday , with 7 to 15 inches possible by the end of the weekend .
we previously did a piece about the all the evidence left out from the trial , based on his numerous appearances , but once again he has revealed yet more about the case .
we have the ability up until a few seconds before those bombs impact to wave off , for example , if we see there ' s a potential harm to civilians .
americans who don ' t have coverage in 2016 face a much larger penalty than in previous years - close to $ 700 for an adult .
it ' s nice to make a stop here in sydney and get the opportunity to play in front of a packed house .
although there is no suggestion that banks have done anything illegal with their affairs , news of their low tax bill was met with outrage by mps .
us officials , lawmakers and politicians have complained that the companies aren ' t doing enough to keep terrorists away from civilians online .
good looking customers attract more people and make you more cash , so you sit them where they can be seen .
rubio and cruz have been increasingly going after each other on the campaign trail as they compete for republican voters who may be looking for an alternative to front - runner donald trump .
the u . s . could choose to respond with a show of strength , as it did in 2013 after north korea ' s last nuclear test .
but no change could change things against the spurs , the latest visiting team to win the crowd and the game in brooklyn .
we ' re starting the week with a rare look inside north korea : a cnn reporter has perspective from some science students about their communist government ' s claim to have recently tested a nuclear weapon .
it took him 12 hours to get home compared with the three - and - a - half hour train journey .
`` i was talking about 15 - 20 years `` time when i talked about [ giving up ] management , '' he said .
`` it ' s clear now that a number of members of parliament aren ' t happy about it , and a number of party members have raised the issue with me , '' he said .
she complained to the firm ' s practice manager and principal lawyers about the text messages , but she claimed she was ignored .
research shows that if you take a gap year after school , it ' s likely you ' ll do better at university .
she said corbyn had suggested that there could be a deal similar to the one that brought about power - sharing in north ireland .
and if you ' re black , it seems you ' re more likely to be sentenced to custody for a crime than if you ' re white .
friday ' s hearing dealt with preliminary matters and a full hearing is expected to take place later this year .
the federal government has not touched the minimum wage since it was increased to $ 7 . 25 effective in 2009 .
it seems to have been a similar picture in scotland , though with some improvement on last winter according to its government .
even where cases are brought , victims `` experience of our criminal justice system frequently falls well below their expectations .
however , with youth unemployment now lower than in mid - 2008 , firms may struggle to continue this practice for much longer .
murray also says the water was provided until the summer , and then returned in october after a public health emergency was declared .
some of the academy ' s older members are likely to be upset by the speed of the change , though public relations experts said the board had no choice but to act fast .
as a young man , i didn ' t understand the power of certain words and how they can hurt .
when a relationship between a british citizen and a person with leave as a partner ends it should be reported to the home office .
`` i was hired to write a book about fashion and style , and i knew it was an opportunity , '' she says .
i made her because in the wake of the paris terror attacks and british air strikes in syria i felt the point needed making that not all muslims are bad .
if we understand it better , hopefully we can do better at dealing with nuclear waste and things that are important in the real world .
a unit , which includes four aircraft , a ground control station and satellite link , costs around $ 20 million .
we have to try and work on ways to overcome that - i ' m not suggesting we ' ve done it yet .
from that moment on , until his death from cancer in 2014 , he travelled with a two - man protection team .
after taking office , president clinton chose his wife to head a special commission on health care reform , the most significant public policy initiative of his first year in office .
but the new guidelines for pregnant women have now been updated in england , wales and northern ireland to be clear that no level of alcohol is safe to drink in pregnancy .
but they also make clear that it ' s an option for younger women even though they ' re less likely to benefit .
but we don ' t want people to believe it ' s appropriate to drink at this point in time , and that ' s why i ' m proud to have the national guard out there working hard .
and that no matter what the circumstances we were put in , we would be able to laugh about it and make the most of it .
new york city police are looking for a group of men who raped a woman who was walking inside a park with her father .
he ' s been playing at a very high level , he had dropped only one set and i knew he ' d be aggressive , mix up the pace and come to the net .
there are children out there who are at risk , and i would urge the government to look carefully about this .
it was a special edition published to mark the anniversary of the 7 january 2015 attack on the paris magazine in which 12 people were murdered by two people claiming to act on behalf of islam .
all three are massive , beautiful animals , and it ' s just such a shame to see them on the beach in that way .
the government saying , after the capture friday , his communications with actors and producers helped authorities ultimately track him to this safe house in his home state .
it took him a long time to turn it around , but when it did , he became my biggest fan .
watson and the tigers couldn ' t pull out a victory , falling to alabama 45 - 40 in the national championship game monday night .
there are concerns teachers ' pay was not going to `` keep in pace `` with the private sector , making it `` impossible to raise teaching standards , '' she said .
the mayor of london ' s office said mr johnson is on course to deliver 100 , 000 low - cost homes over his two terms .
in this show , he only has time to tell a little of what he discovered a few years ago about his grandfather , and his father ' s toxic influence on his life .
it opened its first investigation outside the continent on wednesday , with an inquiry into the 2008 russia - georgia war .
three children were pulled from the water , but two remained missing , according to a south australia police statement .
the computer is trained by making it play against itself , it can then learn from the games which board positions resulted in victory .
he set up his property company 30 years ago in west berlin , when the city was still divided , with just three employees .
`` we are keen to speak to anyone who saw what happened or can give us information which will help with our investigation , '' he said .
he ' s reached the stage of his life where he wants to be a leader on the field and that ' s exactly what he ' s going to get the opportunity to do .
this model allows us to help the most vulnerable while at the same time we are making the taxpayers ' dollar go further .
live streaming is just that -- live -- so it ' s very easy to share something you didn ' t mean to .
he later told officers that he made ' monthly support payments ' to the women for the live shows of abuse .
on the circumstances behind how the club arrived at their decision , terry added : `` my agent made the call like we do every january .
' billy has passed on to me all of the evidence that we couldn ' t mention while the trial was going on .
one fed - up customer told the independent : `` this is not good as i ' m in the middle of trying to buy a house !
cruz was born in canada to a cuban father and an american mother , who were both living legally in canada at the time , making him an american citizen by birth .
according to the report , at least one officer quoted a man as saying : `` i ' m a syrian !
when asked whether he believed whether there would one day be totally open borders without controls , he said : `` i think at the end of this century , that ' s what will occur .
and because we have contact with families who are searching , we can see the impact it has on them .
although this would be an improvement on the second and third quarters , it does also suggest that manufacturing output over 2015 as a whole may be below the level achieved in 2014 .
but in an unusual move , local authorities can not reveal what he has been charged with and fairfax media believes not all of the allegations are specific to cyber crime .
well , the team also have a handle on that now too - and it ' s an answer that has exciting implications .
but i think it was good to good to have a break , we played some brutal rallies in that second set .
but new private polling conducted for a gop establishment group shows trump leading cruz in several southern gop congressional districts .
`` rio 2016 will continue to monitor the issue closely and follow guidance from the brazilian ministry of health , '' the committee said in a statement .
football ' s a team game , so i have to give credit to those guys around me as well .
well it ' s true that the chinese had clubs , rules , and fans more than 1 , 000 years ago .
the 23 - year - old is understood to have travelled to syria with his brother and a group of friends at the end of 2013 , according to a source close to the investigation .
it had left the organisation in a position where it was unable to pay bills for several weeks , he said .
if there ' s not an immediate threat to anyone ' s life , why create a situation where there would be ?
the state department said none of the messages were marked top secret at the time they were sent -- although it is looking into whether they should have been .
the fire door has a gap of two or three inches and so i think it would have let smoke inside .
he estimated eight out of 10 people in the northern beaches electorate - where he has lived for decades - are concerned by the prospect of australia ' s population rising to 100 million and beyond in coming decades .
i am not saying that it wasn ' t there , but it was very comfortable , so i have brought training half an hour earlier and they [ the players ] have to be in earlier .
they can be launched from an aircraft up to seven miles away and from as high as 20 , 000 feet .
`` when i started i didn ' t necessarily want to be a school principal ; it was because i wanted to be a teacher and loved teaching , '' he said .
he said he did nothing wrong in the middle east and returned home over two years ago , just weeks after he allegedly left .
merkel has refused to close the borders or - as every other country in the european union has done - set limits on how many refugees will be admitted .
he ' s beaten very good players in the past so i know if i ' m not on my game it ' ll be a very difficult match for me .
tv is now made up of a million different shows with five fans each , on channels you can never find .
rubio has made his foreign policy experience part of his campaign pitch -- saying none of his opponents have more experience with the issue .
i ' m 29 and i ' ve only just got to where i don ' t have to share a room with four boys every night .
an ambitious transport system that would carry people between cities at nearly the speed of sound is being developed in the nevada desert .
she said : ' the woman was finishing up last night with another guy when a man approached then locked door .
i think luke was quite smart about it - he didn ' t have to go through a nine - hour bus ride to get home because he jumped on a plane , and good on him for that .
he was responding to a letter from the authority ' s cabinet warning of the `` devastating impact `` of funding cuts .
and to be honest with you , this is kind of where everything started for me , because then in 2009 i had a really nice season .
the next step is to consider whether there are changes you can make to your daily life that will help you sleep well .
6 who tried ( and failed ) to look pleased when it was announced that jeremy corbyn had won the contest for labour leader ?
this may be a prime product for markets like india where , we learned this week , the company has applied to open up its own - brand stores too .
he returned after a few plays , but soon left the game again when he was pushed to the ground by the head by tackle eric fisher .
he caught the ball and finished it - i ran back to the bench and said , ' yes , phil , we got a big that can catch and finish .
the policy is expected to cost an extra $ 4 . 5 billion over school years 2018 and 2019 , with the total package expected to cost $ 37 . 3 billion over the decade .
if you ' re looking for a novel with lots of starting points for discussion , try the museum of you .
the government will use the data to help identify companies that should be investigated for failing to pay workers fairly .
democrats will choose who they want as their nominee on february 1 and both external and internal polls show the race is close .
that led to fresh criticism of merkel , who has upset some people in germany by supporting the arrival of refugees , which in 2015 included more than 1 million people from the middle east , africa and asia .
on twitter if you know the users and or have time to look at the person ' s profile , it might be useful .
and another global tech firm , facebook , insisted it would defend any attempts to force it to pay more tax in the uk .
john kerry , the us secretary of state , said the us will seek a 30 % increase in un humanitarian funding this year at a summit to be hosted by barack obama .
do you feel a closer connection to the character with the tv series , as he is part of your life for longer ?
`` i think we have got more important things to worry about in this country than bill clinton ' s sex life , '' he repeated .
over the years they have seen me through some good and bad times - but none so important as now .
`` in particular this year there ' s just a couple of technical things i ' ve been working on that haven ' t been huge changes , but have just helped my game a little bit , '' ross said .
many of the victims have described a lack of police officers on the streets , despite threatening crowds gathering outside the station .
`` china is still growing , it ' s just not growing at the rate it used to , and the world is disappointed with that , '' he said .
but he says the increasing use of technology to solve clients ' problems has already had a significant impact on its fee model .
his unexpected popularity has put pressure on clinton to embrace progressive views on issues ranging from wall street reform to campaign finance .
one year you have one tournament ( say , on the first weekend in december ) , the next week there ' s three , then 10 .
under the new rules , the academy will strip voting rights from those who have not been active in the industry for the past decade .
`` i am on the trail of another piece from the festival of britain which i now think is in australia , '' she said .
the owner of the car , who did not want to be identified , said he had only bought the car about six weeks ago and that it was worth about $ 300 , 000 .
the average cost of playing tennis in 2013 - travel , food , accommodation - was £ 27 , 100 for men and £ 28 , 100 for women .
that would be south carolina -- the first state where the african - american base of the democratic party comes into play in a major way .
all said significant changes had already been made and nhs england was carrying out a full investigation into his death .
he thought perhaps he could go for another advanced degree to improve his earning potential , but as he applied for graduate schools , he realized he would need to take out more student loans to make it work .
their shared experiences are , hopefully , both an inspiration , and a warning , to each other that things can change very quickly .
but cruz , who until recently was trading the lead with trump in iowa polls , is campaigning hard for the iowa vote .
it won ' t necessarily be the best team that goes through , that ' s the nature of semi - finals .
with turkey already in advanced talks to join , the population of the eu could rocket by almost 80 million within the next decade .
he ' s played 17 top - flight matches in the front line of defence and recorded at least one missed tackle in all of them .
it has also previously been reported that she may have failed to give information to the fbi that could have led to the capture of the group planning the 9 / 11 attack .
i ' ll keep using them , but it ' s not like you could ever really find true love .
the club has been really great to me since i arrived , we ' ve a great young team and i can only see us going forward .
`` i was willing to take the step back because this was the right move for my family , '' he said .
but last year wasn ' t much of a benchmark for anything , other than how low can you go .
he is alleged to have stolen a gun on friday from his father , a volunteer with the israeli police .
our city has proven once again that sydney is the best place in the world to celebrate new year ' s .
only a few hundred of his 1 million individual donors gave the maximum of $ 2 , 700 for the primary , the campaign said .
' its only in the last two or three months that i ' ve had more sad moments than before , i think it ' s kicking in a bit now .
we didn ' t start well at the beginning of the season and if you ask people around they probably wouldn ' t think we would be where we are today and they probably wouldn ' t have said we would make the final .
this means we need to have a strong military and a strong navy , and a real foreign policy , which we do not now have .
however any final deal will have to win the approval of all 27 member states at a european council meeting later this month .
she wrote : ' my birthday is in four days and my birthday wish this year is to have this video go viral .
they typically get to keep one - third of what they earn - far more than what they could make at home .
time after time , this guy just comes up with things off the top of his head that are lies .
we have issues with the way things are going in our government , we have a responsibility as citizens to act on those in an appropriate manner .
this is a significant achievement , given that the last time the economy was at full employment was nearly a decade ago .
there ' s no way the magnitude of this has hit him yet , and when it does , i ' m not sure he ' ll be able to live with himself .
in all of these incidents , the underlying issue has been one of negative images about muslims and muslim communities .
we could have already gained voter approval of a stadium under the plan laid out this summer by the city and county .
there are also a lot of children who are getting themselves up in the morning and in to school as their parents are still in bed .
speaking to fox news sunday , trump also defended past contributions to the clinton foundation that records suggest reached as much as $ 250 , 000 .
one of the things i ' ve been very lucky to have been able to hold on to throughout my career is not having to worry what people think .
if we play like this for the rest of the season , i ' m sure the results will be there .
our advice is not to drive through flood water , just six inches of flood water will knock a human off their feet and two feet of water will move a car .
he then revealed that while his mother kept a positive tone on camera , perhaps she ' s been a little more vocal behind the scenes .
on the democratic side , the survey finds former secretary of state hillary clinton with 45 percent support to vermont sen . bernie sanders ' 42 percent .
the teen told police she regularly visited thomson ' s house with friends and they all spent time together in his bedroom , listening to music and playing computer games .
all that did was get people to order online when you knew the orders would never be filled and reduce your own debt in the process .
one said : ' i have never heard or seen any reason to believe that he would do anything like this .
on the night of the incident , family members reportedly called police to their home because the teen was threatening his father with a baseball bat .
`` we are going to make sure we go ahead and finish the job we have started , '' he said after a final training session on sunday morning .
the northern ireland human rights commission has said it will ' cross appeal ' legal challenges to abortion law in northern ireland .
his latest tv appearance was filmed in glasgow in march and he ' s had to wait until now to hit the small screen once more .
some of my favourite memories are the times i ' ve been at home or somewhere around the world having a night out on the drink with family and friends .
we urge malcolm turnbull to bring back marriage equality legislation , allow a free vote and get this done straight away so australia can move on .
a hospital bed in vietnam would cost $ 27 , compared with an average travel insurance policy of $ 74 .
in 2006 , construction was temporarily suspended amid protests by local communities who were losing their land to the project .
so her daughter , who was no more than two , did what small children often do at such times .
`` we saw them when we left our houses , we saw their dead bodies in the streets , '' she said .
`` there are a number of circumstances where saudi arabia and the west have co - operated effectively on counter - terrorism , '' he said .
the key to enjoying this book is to realise that he didn ' t necessarily mean everything he said - or , at least , he probably did the moment he opened his mouth , but perhaps not five minutes later .
while one group of players have made themselves the most popular players to feature in fantasy football sides up and down the country , a new group will emerge in the second half of the season .
as china ' s financial markets remain relatively closed exposure for banks is limited , but trading is a different matter .
i just tried to keep going , keep making as many returns as possible , and continue to make it difficult for him .
during the same time , he held two posts at nhs england - head of patient safety ( primary care ) and chairman of national patient safety expert group for primary care .
she said that it had been there for two to three days and had not been treated but planned to seek treatment later that day .
then i ' d be able to produce more stuff in the three hours before everyone else gets up in the morning .
in addition to armed guards and increased death threats , the magazine ' s office is now at a secret paris location , protected at all hours .
jamie ' s not the only one charged with a crime he did not commit and learning things he ' d rather not .
meanwhile , the uk ' s annual spend on traffic controls is estimated to be in excess of £ 1 billion .
but i talked to some people , i talked to a lot of former players , and everyone said have fun with it , just go with it and it ' ll be a good experience .
the centre is home to 30 boys aged between 9 and 18 , teaching them practical skills such as building and construction .
`` i don ' t think anything would surprise me , it wouldn ' t surprise me if somebody came in tomorrow as well , '' he said .
it was his second title of the day - he also finished the season with his third career nfl rushing crown .
but they warn that although a vaccine could be ready for testing in two years , it may be another decade for it to be approved by regulators .
' they haven ' t been living on the moon , i ' m certain they knew it would be controversial .
djokovic will aim to retain the australian open crown in melbourne where he has won half of his 10 major titles .
yet it gives contemporary visual art ( not that it ' s always visual any more ) an edge over all other elite art forms .
the court found they should be allowed to come to live with close relatives , who are already settled in the uk , while their asylum claims are examined .
some of the boys who have been around for a bit longer are starting to feed off the younger players .
`` i wanted to come and have an interview with you as well , that ' s the reason why i ' m here , '' he began .
you can set up challenges for one another and see who can complete the most steps in a day or a week .
the 34 - year - old williams hadn ' t lost a set in the first six rounds at melbourne park until dropping the first against no .
the comedy will be broadcast later this year as part of a series on unlikely stories from the history of arts and culture .
and to do that , he will have to play the house down for leicester , in both domestic and european competition .
the famous fish market is moving to a new facility in november , making the auction the last at its current site .
' he said he was sorry and that ' s fine , i while later i got up to go look for my friend .
it was really hard to stop those guys , but even with them scoring in the paint we were able to be in the game .
but it was not until two men passing by pulled the women apart , that the women could be stopped from doing each other more harm .
it is even more urgent now that we act to stop them because it is not drugs but people who are involved .
`` it would certainly be nice if everybody could be represented properly -- and hopefully that ' s the case , '' trump said in a phone interview with fox news .
uber has spent $ 1 billion in china and india to expand its business , and was the first on - demand transportation service in hundreds of u . s . cities .
just mainly focus on the tennis and not on how popular you are or trying to build up your image or something .
former ministers including tony blair have been banned from using british embassy resources for free to aid their private commercial work .
davies has led a review of the current nhs guidance on alcohol , which was established more than 20 years ago .
so for me , as an artist , i couldn ' t wait to explore how i could add a different kind of voice to the science .
there would be no further rate rises from the federal reserve and the european central bank would ease policy in march .
i don ' t think it ' s anything that has crossed the line or will cause issues between the teams .
health officials will continue to test and treat the water , but warn it could be months before it is safe to drink .
`` i want to say , this is a huge opportunity for the cause you are representing , '' she said .
they don ' t care , and you ' re not going to find the right form of words that suddenly makes them care .
we had come all that way , and we knew we wouldn ' t be getting back down here again , and we never even saw him .
my first reaction ... what in the world are these guys doing to send somebody into the bathroom ... there ' s not a more private place ... and they know bob talks to himself .
she said : `` this is in the interests of the citizens of germany , but also in the interests of the great majority of the refugees who are here .
i think we need to be more aggressive and look for potential problems before they happen because what we generally have now isn ' t enough .
she ' s a fresh face in the media spotlight at the moment , and i think you ' ve got to be really careful with that .
united airlines recently became the first us carrier to do so , although the option won ' t be offered on all domestic and international routes until next summer .
the voting results marked a nice comeback for george , who sustained a broken leg in august 2014 while playing for team usa .
in an interview earlier this year , the new jersey governor made an emotional plea to improve treatment for drug addiction that turned into a viral video .
the thing in the box has no place in the language - game at all ; not even as a something : for the box might even be empty .
and over the last year there ' s been growing speculation as to just what the new guidelines might look like .
`` there ' s no secret that we have , as is the case in a democratic society , we have differences of opinion , '' sanders said .
he had initially announced he was going to use the money to buy tickets for bryant ' s final home game april 13 so he could actually see him once more , but lakers were so moved by the statement that they are giving him the tickets .
`` in that way we can deal with the reality of the world which means that people aren ' t forced to move but there will be movement , '' he said .
and she works hard at it , too , sharing pictures and videos of herself working out and eating seriously healthy plant - based meals .
i felt that once i managed to get into rallies i was on top of her , but it didn ' t happen as often as i hoped .
i don ' t think there is any other sport in the world that looks after their own like it .
the top - ranked players and their chosen teammates from each country have until august 12 to commit to play in the tournament .
the best at the lower end ( all per person for a double ) covers four events from 15 - 18 august and is £ 3 , 350 .
she claims that she had decided to stop at kelly ' s house that night to ask kelly to stop driving by her house -- looking for dan .
and if we can ' t get in , we ' ll never get to the top to help others get in there after us .
i would love to , but what we ' ve done the last two years , it may or may not be in our cards .
because gdp , being a measure of the nation ' s production of goods and services , naturally includes our production of exports .
it ' s more or less guaranteed he ' ll say something about the lack of diversity in the room , so that at least should be worth a watch .
so , in the end , there is obviously people making the decisions either way but it ' s not just what you bring on the field , it is what you bring off the field as well which is as important .
fisher , who had been out on $ 100 , 000 bail , was taken into custody after the verdict was read .
the interior ministry has also said there have been no arrests in the case and a senior security official told reuters that none of its employees were arrested .
but , one suspects , there ' s a part of her that probably feels out of place , which is why she doesn ' t immediately announce herself .
one of the four prisoners released by iran earlier this week is revealing how he stayed strong despite being held for more than four years .
it ' s also 77 per cent male , and 85 per cent are aged 50 and over , so not very diverse .
he added : ' you have to be incredibly careful with highly sensitive information , information that if revealed could result in somebody ' s death .
it can take many forms - online , through social media or on phones , as well as in person on a one - to - one or group basis .
this time it ' s going to be at our place , with a full house in the stands , it ' s two attacking teams prepared to go for it and that ' s what we ' ll be doing .
they called us back and said , ' we have looked at what you are doing , and we get it .
it ' s how you use the technique that you ' ve got and being hard enough and strong enough and smart enough to be able to use that in the right context .
my husband and i have split up and we have agreed to share the custody of our son , aged six .
its latest test , which comes after weeks of speculation that kim had illegally developed an even more powerful weapon , has been condemned by countries around the world , including its allies china and russia .
`` it seems to be going east but if it came back this way we would have to grab the cat and the dog and run , '' she said .
what ' s happening in baltimore is now spreading to white working - class communities nationwide , according to a recent study .
the white house will also leave one seat empty in the first lady ' s guest box at the state of the union address to represent victims of gun violence , obama announced friday .
the company is hiring additional workers , especially in customer service , to handle the orders that are streaming in from around the world .
but van court , of brooklyn , new york , thought her daughter probably wouldn ' t get enough money to pay for either of her dreams .
of course this will only happen if people are prepared to have these conversations in this way with their doctors .
i need you to pick them up and deliver them to my son - in - law as a surprise for his birthday .
`` we want to get everyone back home as soon as possible , but not until it ' s safe , '' the spokeswoman said .
i wasn ' t worried what anyone thought of me , because if you do that then you start to lose confidence in yourself .
even though you don ' t get them to quit right away , you do get them to second - guess their choices .
it certainly helps when you have well - known hollywood actors , but we were able to use style and surprise to keep an audience going along with us .
mr reid said therefore he felt funeral directors had a big part to play in the process but they did not appear in any legislation .
`` the main thing is we build on it and that was my message before the game , '' williams said .
iranian state tv announced that all religious schools across the country would be closed for students to take part in protests of the execution .
we really love the ideas the championship has , being in the heart of cities like london and bringing racing to the fans , that is incredibly appealing to us .
`` we ' ve seen a huge change in the last two years and 2015 has been particularly tough , '' he said .
`` there was no water here to fight the fire , the trucks couldn ' t fill up , '' he said .
as a result , more of her own feelings went into the music than when she was working as part of a band .
while the latter is far and away the form no 2 in the country , the word from inside his own club is that he will have to make do with a seat on the bench .
the latest issue of islamic state ' s online magazine targets the terror group ' s fellow muslims even more than the west .
his 46 - page guide to the islamic state covers everything from weather , food and transport to education , people and technology .
by sunday night , mps on all sides were picking the deal - which amounts to a tax rate of roughly 3 per cent - apart .
four in 10 workers wake slowly by reading through their mountain of emails while a further fifth just about feel able to send a few easy messages .
martin ' s map here show the price of beer across the world , with an average price of more than three pounds , or five dollars , in countries including australia .
its economy grew by 6 . 9 % in 2015 , compared with 7 . 3 % the year before , with some questioning if even those figures are accurate .
he told the committee : `` i also should explain that i do have two homes , my wife is from the caribbean , we have a home there and i spend time there particularly over christmas .
it looks at what happens when a case comes down to one person ' s word against the other , as adams was accused by someone who was in the car with him at the time of the murder .
clinton , johnson said , had not been as consistent in his mind and , at times , makes people feel like it is `` her time `` to be president .
`` if the academy - i think all this would go away if they revealed the votes , '' perry said .
because i was losing a lot , and then my dad and my coach were like ' you don ' t have any fitness .
ohio gov . john kasich , a republican presidential candidate , has his hair cut in manchester , new hampshire , on monday , january 25 .
if her application was refused , she would not be able to apply again for a further three years , bringing her time up to 11 years .
there ' s something about being surrounded by a ball of color -- i don ' t have to open up to everyone .
the dancing dad has also received nearly 2 , 500 friend requests and an excess of 10 , 000 messages on facebook .
if you eat on - the - go or in front of the tv , you will eat badly and beyond the point that you would normally feel full .
if you look at the reviews on amazon , they ' re all four / five star , four and a half stars .
i want to show they are just like us : people who work at jobs , and have families , and ordinary problems like the rest of us .
but at the same time , employees who object can not be forced to pay for a union ' s political activities .
a department for transport consultation says the government ' s `` preferred option `` is to increase both penalty points and fines for offenders .
when you ' re actually living with someone over a period of time you do get to know the person in a very complex and detailed way .
in december , kerry declared in moscow that the united states and its allies `` are not seeking so - called regime change `` in syria .
he has only played on one occasion , starting the 4 - 0 home defeat by ross county on 22 august .
after that loss , the republican party ' s fifth loss of the popular vote in six white house races , the republican party ' s central body , the republican national committee , conducted an extensive review into where it had gone wrong .
i don ' t want to get on them when they ' re struggling , but they don ' t have any veteran leadership .
yes , that little `` m `` or `` f `` on your passport could soon be a thing of the past .
i have privately agreed with much that they have said , but held back publicly on the basis that corbyn had won the leadership .
facebook does not break out ad spending on politics , and the price per ad is based on a constant auction .
you don ' t get to where you are by yourself -- it ' s always a result of the team around you in both your personal and professional life .
he said : `` i wanted a core of 100 guys who were given about 60 hours of training so they knew what they were doing .
although his life was short , we are grateful and appreciate the experience of having been loved , and loved him in return , and for being in our lives .
`` i don ' t think all of the regular operators ( covered by the cap ) will want to go out and trade on the same day , '' he said .
that ' s not the case in much of the west , though the muslim population continues to rise in america and across europe .
`` i feel that ' s the biggest part of my game that ' s improved from last year , '' he said .
when he arrived at the shelter earlier this week , a facebook page was set up to document his life at the shelter .
i don ' t think there ' s any question that horse racing would ' ve been a lot stronger than where it is today .
as the pair , who have just written a comedy together , arrived on stage , they called out someone in the front row for being on their phone .
a source familiar with bloomberg ' s thinking confirmed to cbs news key aspects of a report , first published by the new york times saturday , which details bloomberg ' s latest moves toward a presidential run -- a possibility the billionaire has considered before .
`` we have consistently made clear that we will not accept [ north korea ] as a nuclear state , '' he said .
the trick is to develop them within an experienced core , as arsenal do , not throw them all in at once .
more than 20 , 000 properties across south - east queensland lost power , most of them in regional areas , the abc reported .
trump was then asked about the fact that he never had to have a second job or ride multiple buses to work .
u . s . secretary of state john kerry speaks to journalists about his negotiations with iran after returning to the washington area on sunday , january 17 .
it is likely to raise fears among hundreds of soldiers that they could be arrested and charged simply for doing their duty .
this is a forecast that in the last 24 hours has jumped up several times and ( is ) now as high as 28 inches .
i thought i played a good match , but playing against the big guys you can ' t have moments where you lose focus .
the app will be able to help people share some home made meals and also really help to connect communities together as they will be able to meet their neighbours and share food .
to one , have a free trade agreement with ukraine , we are a trading nation , we can earn a lot of money when ukraine is more successful than it is currently , it ' s in the dutch interest .
what a lot of people take for granted - the security of a wage , a pension , and anything around it , like a holiday - you just can ' t have that .
my little sister started a facebook page for me and one of the producers from the show sent a message showing interest .
in the third , i felt like towards the end of the set , after i got the break back again , that i was creating a few chances .
now that sanctions relief has begun , iran will gain access to billions in foreign exchange assets held overseas , potentially allowing it to increase its already extensive financial and military assistance to the syrian government .
and many of the networks have writing programs for minorities - which seems to be the primary way we see minority talent break in .
he ' s a very good talent who is a current england international and should be one for years to come too .
these were on facebook before the nomination , i didn ' t have the intelligence at the moment of my nomination to close my profile .
`` he would never , ever want to hurt somebody , but he does believe in defending freedom , and he knew the risks involved , '' said brown , who was one of 11 children .
but also it goes to a deeper issue which is the british people and i want a system where you have to pay in before you get out .
the restaurant chain said its u . s . sales grew 5 . 7 percent in the fourth quarter , helped by its all - day breakfast menu and the warm weather .
it ' s the same for our temperature , for our sugar levels , for everything else i the body that should have a correct level .
a 17 - year - old student , who can not be named for legal reasons , told the trial that she witnessed the incident .
so in real life , we ' re not like the perfect match , '' the 41 - year - old said .
in december he was praised after calling on his fans to help the nhs beat him to the christmas no . 1 spot , which they achieved .
the findings come as president obama on tuesday formally announced plans to expand background checks and make other changes to america ' s gun rules through executive action .
i don ' t have any other hope because in this country they have said nothing more can be done .
on saturday the leader of the uk ' s opposition labour party jeremy corbyn called on the british government to allow many of the migrants living in the calais camp to come to the uk .
we came on really strong at the end of the first half , but we have a long way to go .
just sort of being able to get myself back in that third set , it wasn ' t the best time .
in the space of 10 weeks , `` she `` was contacted by 20 , 000 men , 1 , 000 of whom offered `` her `` money to perform sex acts .
the main trouble is that even those who want to see australia have a new flag are divided over what it should look like .
there are two daily physical checks , meaning when guards account for every individual in person by using photos to check on inmates .
and i think to do that , you ' re going to [ need to ] get the cost way down and the quality way up .
that said , the clinton plan may be a sign that disability is finally emerging as an important campaign topic .
lewis , pictured with his father wayne , had the operation at birmingham children ' s hospital , where he is being given specialist treatment .
it ' s a concern and we ' re working with the authorities while we investigate if they ' re our bottles , ' he said .
democrats weren ' t only angry with the administration , they also blamed republicans in congress for failing to work on comprehensive immigration reform , and said that contributed to the situation at the southern border .
`` we need a labor force participation that is much , much better , and we need the creation of better jobs and better paying jobs , '' he said .
a third factor - less obvious , but critical to big investors `` mood - may be the us federal reserve ' s quarter - point increase in interest rates at the end of last year .
' there are quite a few challenges that need to be overcome to take a picture of a black hole - it ' s something that ' s extremely small in the sky .
christie does have his own ads up on the air in new hampshire markets , all of the positive variety .
that happened in december after she was returned to the united states but was still in los angeles , in the custody of the l . a . police department .
just 2 percent of republican voters think rubio would be a good president and that he is not particularly religious , with just 1 percent saying the same about cruz and carson .
you started the business with your mum ; does starting up with a family member have any particular benefits or challenges ?
the rate of sexual offences has doubled in the past year , from one in every 1 , 000 people to two in every 1 , 000 .
in china you need specific permission from the government to operate , so we are continuing to work on that and we are very patient .
now there ' s an extra 35 `` high - profile `` matches drawing average crowds of 28 , 000 and more than 1 million television viewers each night .
it was the first time i ' d met maria in person , though i had spoken with her once on the phone a few weeks after her rape .
the more the children are involved , the more they enjoy eating - and it is amazing what they will try if they ' ve had a hand in making it .
paul failed to qualify for the main stage during the last debate , held earlier this month by fox business network , due to his low polling numbers .
i have no politics in my work , no ending , only this beauty , and that ' s more than enough .
it ' s not until i looked back at my work for the year that i realised how often i ' d been out taking pictures .
we drive cars knowing that we might have an accident , so are we prepared to accept the same level of risk when we have a drink ?
so this is a difficult time for them and you want to be here for them ... in good times and bad times , like family .
the extent of westminster ' s drinking problem has been highlighted by a number of high profile incidents over the last few years .
most of that will be spent on plane tickets and visa fees for a three - week us tour which , if we ' re lucky , will just about break even .
apple said it expects revenue of between $ 50 billion to $ 53 billion , below analysts ' forecasts for $ 55 . 6 billion .
do you have particular hopes for those who will see the film and what they will take away from it ?
in 2012 , she told the daily mail : ' mark started filming for the show and he kept talking about me to the producers and before i knew what was happening i was starring .
he has said he will decide which side to support based on the outcome of the talks , but is expected to support remaining in the eu .
hollande called for the measure to be written into the constitution in the wake of the november 13 , 2015 , attacks in paris that killed 130 people and wounded hundreds .
last september , he opened the railway and his private station to the public , since when it has been used by just a dozen trains .
this would have been particularly striking as a teenager , feeling tired and ready for sleep when everyone else was staying up later and later .
it ' s a job but it ' s a really nice job to think about solutions and how to stop them coming through with their plan .
we ' re both working full time and looking after our family , so it ' s hard to get the time to make appropriate decisions , '' she says .
they ' ve already had to add extra shows to their original queensland dates , and it ' s easy to see why .
new - home sales climbed nearly 15 percent through the first 11 months of last year , while construction of single - family homes hit an eight - year high in november .
by contrast , just 49 percent of cruz supporters say there ' s a large chance they ' ll vote for him ; just 49 percent of rubio supporters say the same .
i understand the argument that a politician ' s private life is their own , and in some countries `` romantic `` affairs are very much business as usual .
i ' m still learning that i don ' t have to get up at 3 o ' clock in the morning and eat breakfast .
the couple say they have now stopped using e - cigarettes claiming ' they ' re too dangerous ' and won ' t let them in the house again .
the us and its allies conducted 24 air strikes against islamic state targets in iraq on thursday , the us military said on friday .
the independent says mr corbyn is also under pressure to promote more women to prominent posts in his top team .
i love the bbc , but i ' ve never thought of it in that way - as a charity , '' she tells me .
cox said he never touched her , except perhaps when he grabbed his telephone from her , which he said was only on loan .
when we can hide their crimes no longer , we will not pursue justice but , instead , pursue lawyers , who make claims against us , and seek to drive them out of business .
`` i think today was probably the best match i played , '' murray said , `` especially in the second and third set .
in the case of the nine - question test , about half of the people who are initially picked up actually have something other than depression .
on october 5 , donald trump said there would be a `` collapse `` and `` depression `` in television ratings if he ended his presidential campaign .
but he said his mother ' s passing in september 2014 `` knocked [ him ] off `` even further .
we don ' t get all the money in one go and a huge , huge portion of it has to go on making the films .
it ' s going to be pretty hard for this stuff to survive , certainly in the 100 - year time frame .
the alleged attack is said to have taken place just five days after the couple ' s one - year wedding anniversary .
the police are currently investigating the incident and therefore it would not be appropriate for us to comment further at this time .
we subsequently have been in communication with iranian authorities , who have informed us of the safety and well - being of our personnel .
i may have never been perfect in other people ' s eyes or even my own , but i have decided to be happy and positive .
we ' ve got the three games in south africa with our squad and then the world cup , that ' s what it is .
`` i just did what i had to do , so i don ' t feel like a big hero or anything , '' she said .
in a series of posts , the person behind the page shares pictures of the cash and asks friends to like and share the status .
when i tell the girls here what scores i was doing they don ' t believe me - which just shows how bad it was .
us officials are worried that cuba could share the advanced technology inside the missile with countries such as north korea , china or russia , the paper adds .
dylan is experienced in international rugby , he plays in that way , he ' ll lead in that way and people will follow him .
he was celebrating , taking credit on sunday for abc news ' decision to cut the influential local new hampshire newspaper out of their partnership on the gop debate this week .
church leaders praised the contribution of the queen , who last year made her first tour of the republic of ireland to broad public support .
i believe in pointing people in the right direction but in the end we should all be free to make our own decisions .
he has pledged to have an in - out referendum on the eu before the end of 2017 , but it is widely expected to be called for this summer .
that should trigger higher growth and lead to rising inflation over the long - term , although it may mean lower inflation in the short term .
no , there ' s something very , very different about the fighter frequently referred to as the ufc ' s next big thing .
on the one hand , we ' re expecting an amazing christmas with record - breaking revenues , yet again .
it took me a couple of seconds to realise what was going on , then i heard everyone going crazy and it really hit me .
and he ' s going to start now working with me and many other cancer doctors across the country to make a difference .
`` young muslims care deeply about their faith and are very keen to keep islam as their identity , '' he says .
but the wider world might not have noticed if it weren ' t for events in a suburb of st louis , missouri in 2014 .
matthew , you think hillary should make another new year ' s resolution thought to use bill clinton that much .
in poor parts of the country , such as the north east , twice as many are ruled out as in the wealthy capital .
she had said she did not want a baby by the man in the ' current circumstances ' and had intended to have an abortion , mr justice baker was told .
we are investigating the case as if the worst thing has happened and that we are talking about the rape of a child .
in a statement following the announcement , the bbc said : `` we welcome the review ' s statement today and look forward to receiving the report .
you hear things about british people ; that although they might smile at you , they never show their true feelings .
that puts estimates at more than 2 feet for washington , a foot to 18 inches for philadelphia and 8 inches to a foot in new york .
however , spurs aren ' t thought to be interested in the player , especially as he is out of contract in the summer .
people say they only use them to put make - up on , but we know what else they ' re using them for .
i shouldn ' t have to worry about money , although now you are living here i find myself spending more than my pension .
it ' s such an important part of human survival , and yet it can come at a cost for modern humans .
i do feel more inspired by them in that kind of way , that you could become bigger than you think you are .
neil says : `` when we were there , we discovered that this lady who was running the show was not the owner - she had been brought in to look after the business while the owners were away .
it was a good feeling , it was the first time i had played more than 45 minutes of league football in a year and a half .
we feel that we ' re in quite a good place with our new coach , dan ryan , from australia .
i told them that they are growing , and if we continue to play that hard , and play with that type of passion and that type of intensity , the wins will come .
but before the movie was filmed , she was quite honest about the fact she was only doing it so that she could continue to appear in low budget movies .
but if some woman comes up to me at a bar because she knows my work - great , i made that work .
i don ' t know why i needed a job then , but i was young for my school year and old for my age and some of my friends were getting their first summer jobs too , so it seemed time .
my aim is to move to a big club so that i can well there and get a place in the brazil squad .
`` i ' ve been concerned about this a lot , because i ' ve had hospital issues myself , '' she said .
because these criminals either would have passed the background check if they hadn ' t committed crimes in the past , or they just don ' t care what the law is , ' rubio said .
that is why , alongside the business case for staying in the eu , there is a hard - headed national security case .
but these foods may be just as responsible for protecting against an attack as causing it , a study suggests .
the right action is , if you have a problem that happened from people that you were responsible for , you go solve it .
cruz saw his support rise by five percentage points , to 14 percent , and is tied with ohio gov . john kasich , who also received 14 percent .
it has been viewed more than 2 . 5 million times in less than 16 hours , and has attracted more than 41 , 800 shares .
martin claimed police were called but let the man go after church officials decided that they did not want to press charges .
melbourne ' s five - game winning streak is over , and they ' ve now lost 13 - straight final terms .
last year was the most challenging year of my life , however , i am hopeful 2016 will the best year for us all .
while payment protection insurance and accident claims calls generated the most complaints this year , other sectors are emerging in the cold - calling network , the information commissioner ' s office said .
even on a day that you are not inspired and you don ' t want to do anything , still do something .
and if that means seeing less of kate and william , then it ' s surely a price worth paying .
the man , who was driving a black mercedes during the incident , contacted police on thursday afternoon after reports in the media .
u . s . secretary of state john kerry and others spent significant time trying to bring the countries to the negotiating table and they both sat together at talks aimed at finding a diplomatic solution to the civil war .
i really enjoy being around the club , i ' ve developed great relationships with the boys and i ' m excited about what the next couple of seasons will bring with the playing and coaching group we have together .
`` it ' s important to follow the official authorities to see if they can confirm or dispute information on twitter , '' he said .
mr blair said : ' she was such a rock of stability in the sense she connected them with the outside world .
the second reason is i think it would be better for david cameron , if he does get a deal at the february european council , to leave more time between that deal and the point of decision .
with the iraqi army re - taking some of the territory the group had taken , is ' has re - dedicated attention to focusing on a more global approach ' , he said .
the pot has been rising since november and shot into record territory after there was no winner wednesday night for the 18th consecutive draw .
it ' s making it harder for me to get more points in the premier league by making me play wednesday and saturday than tuesday and saturday .
the more we do to enable people to stay in the region , the less likely we are to see them coming to europe .
`` there is a lot to do against isis that is more serious and effective than airstrikes , '' she said .
if you ' re several years away from retirement , you can use this information to give yourself the confidence to remain invested during the down years .
but i ' m not lucky - i made this happen myself and it was hard work , but now it ' s paying off .
america ' s democratic party is pushing to double the federal minimum wage , to $ 15 an hour - a certain job - killer .
you can ' t really plan what you are going to do because you don ' t know if they are likely to blow up or something .
cameron says he supports staying inside the eu , but claims he ' ll campaign to leave if there ' s no deal .
to be successful , the government will have to pursue extensive economic reforms , which its leaders acknowledge in principle .
we are in the next round and that is all that really matters , but i could not be so happy with the performance .
`` colin received the best possible care from the expert and highly professional staff there and we are deeply grateful for everything they did , '' his wife and three sons said in a statement .
i wake up in the middle of the night and run to the bedroom door because i believe in that moment i ' m on fire .
he added : ' a lot of people do tend to leave buying their tickets until the last moment , but in a way it ' s like going into a busy shop just before closing time - you may or may not get served .
while 79 percent of clinton supporters would be happy with sanders as the nominee , only 56 percent of his supporters would feel that way about a clinton win .
so far , 11 airlines and three cruise ship companies have changed their policies as the mosquito - born virus continues to spread .
the decision on whether to ban anyone from the uk is made by the home secretary on the basis of the evidence at the time .
the goal is to record the most prominent activities in your daily life that repeat on a 24 - to 48 - hour cycle , which for most are at least these three items .
it ' s why he has returned to historical drama when he is equally successful at writing contemporary material too .
among the complaints made by survivors ' organisations is the failure of the government to consider offering compensation to victims and help , both financial and specialist care and support .
the administration estimates the new requirements will cost less than $ 400 per employer the first year and a few hundred dollars per year after that .
it ' s simply a case of countries and cities making sure they are well prepared for when it does happen .
he added that discussions had been held with various parties but that it was a process that would take some time .
' it ' s so important to remember that cold does kill , even in places where the temperatures aren ' t at their lowest .
if your weight or family history put you in a high - risk category , it ' s important to have your blood - sugar levels tested regularly .
we are taking on the economic establishment , we ' re taking on the political establishment , and all due respect , we are taking the media establishment , '' he said .
in september the band published an open letter saying they would change their name , but as yet they have not announced what the new name is , so protests were ongoing last month .
`` we have learned a great deal during the past six years and our experiences will guide us for the future , '' he said .
if you are seeing results and working hard at improving your overall lifestyle , you should reward yourself , even if it ' s just once a month .
the charges against the 30 - year - old brown include the first - ever terrorism counts filed under new jersey ' s law .
but i was forced to be the strongest : i have to control my fear and never allow it to take control over me .
this risk was greater for students who had the impression that e - cigarettes were less dangerous than regular cigarettes , the researchers found .
`` it had a lot of money invested into it and everyone wanted their children to go there , '' says jennifer .
there are a lot of players who get extremely frustrated on court and won ' t say a word - and it ' s not always positive for them .
i wasn ' t completely crazy but i was crazy enough to tell you that i tried to figure it out as hard as i possibly could and i still couldn ' t quite understand what it took , you know .
`` we were locked into a house and those two would come every 10 days and bring us food , '' she said .
in february , researchers in china said they had spotted a super - massive black hole 12 billion times the size of the sun .
the firm has previously said it wants to shed its low - cost appeal and produce high - margin premium devices to challenge samsung and apple at the top end of the market .
the general decline in drug and alcohol use by teens is part of a two - decade trend among american teens .
`` and all of a sudden , you feel like we ' re moving in the wrong direction , '' he said .
then we had to go to court and saw a narrative where my sister was blamed for the act of violence from a man .
`` some schools are very good at saying your child won ' t be supported here , '' the associate professor said .
in 2016 , i resolve to spend a little too much on presents for my wife and not enough on retirement .
for me to come in at the end here , is just kind of an out - of - the - ordinary event .
for those at the top , such as chief executives , it ' s essential , yet there ' s often little formal training .
we are going to do that , we are going to have a lot of fun doing it , if its is hillary clinton that is in the race i look forward to going against her .
it was reported this morning that williams , 34 , has been in a relationship with a married 74 - year - old for the past 15 years after meeting him when she was 18 .
`` now we do have to get a democratic senate to get him confirmed so you ' re going to have to help me on that , ok ? '' she said .
he later even wrote : ' doing much better ' when the patient said she could not close her eyes properly .
last season she would put up 100 shots after each training session and i never saw her hit less than 95 .
no date has been confirmed for the referendum on the uk ' s membership of the eu , promised by the end of 2017 , although there has been speculation it could be this year .
that video went out on social media , and had to alert many that he was close to healthy at last .
the most recent cbs news / new york times poll shows similar results for republicans , with 36 percent support for trump , compared to 19 percent for cruz .
hillary clinton doesn ' t believe former new york city mayor michael bloomberg will need to jump into the presidential race any time soon .
although i ' m not exactly being very positive with myself , i ' m still very difficult for my opponents and i ' m fighting hard for every point .
if they stay where they are now , there ' s a 44 . 3 % chance of falling out of the top three .
it found that 45 percent are likely to afford at least their essential expenses in retirement , up from 38 percent two years ago .
' it ' s been between five and ten days that the animals have been fed ' , she told daily mail australia .
given the uncertainty of the market , does it make any sense for me to start using that monthly excess to pay down the balance on my 15 - year mortgage rather than continue to invest ?
we have had a really strong test team for a long time but every team goes through changes and we ' re going through huge changes .
before thursday ' s event , the group had only been contacted by trump ' s people to gather more information about the organization .
i ' d stay in if i had something to stay in for but going out is a lot more appealing these days .
sen . marco rubio , r - florida , got 12 percent , and new jersey gov . chris christie received 8 percent support .
`` we ' re certainly very aware that we let ourselves down in some big moments last year , '' he said .
britain has so far declined to make a claim from the fund , but the government is now keeping `` all options open , '' according to a statement made by a communities minister .
it ' s seen as especially important for small and medium - sized businesses , which appreciate the lack of language barrier .
later some of the group turn around and run back into the prison , though it is unclear exactly why the men appeared to change their mind .
congress has the authority to turn over federal land to the states , but efforts to pass such a law have failed so far .
but when the moment comes , i ' m sure the studio in question will let us know via the announcement that it is `` proud to be making history `` in this way .
four candidates -- donald trump , ted cruz , marco rubio , and ben carson -- command nearly three - quarters of the party ' s support .
i ' m hopeful that by the end of the six nations , he ' s the best no . 6 in europe .
it featured people we recognised from our own lives , doing things we did , saying things we understood and walking about in the rain .
he was speaking as people across the world expressed shock at the news that singer david bowie has died at the age of 69 from cancer .
in addition , anyone with any further information that can help us identify the suspects is also asked to contact police immediately .
it may be possible to increase the cover on a short - term basis and you ' ll either be charged a one - off fee or your premium will be increased .
`` as the fire approached and the fear increased , some people left although they had planned to stay and defend , but then later attempted to return to their properties , '' the study found .
but my people die young in this country - we die 10 years younger than average australians - and we are far from free .
but that session was cancelled with little sign of progress and the labour leader broke off to respond to a commons statement by david cameron on the european union .
the red cross says some food is available in the city , but only for the few that can afford it .
instead , people have a right to accurate information about alcohol and its health risks so that they can make informed decisions about their drinking behaviour .
so , you know , if i were in charge of that , it would be a short - term job .
for significant service to public administration , particularly in the areas of law enforcement integrity , anti - corruption and human rights .
by the time the metropolitan police wrote to him on november 7 it was 36 days since he was asked to give up his passport .
republican presidential candidates have also promised to roll back the effects of the president ' s executive orders , including those on immigration and the environment .
city are still in the premier league title race , through to the knock - out rounds of the champions league , safely into the fifth round of the fa cup and set to face liverpool in the capital one cup final .
`` we don ' t know what happened to my father because they never returned the body , '' his son says .
you tried to pressure her to come to your house and she refused and she decided to go home and walk home and you made the clear decision to walk with her .
that index declined by 0 . 8 per cent in the week ending 17 january , following a 1 . 9 per cent fall in the previous week .
i know there were only about 10 , 000 people in the ground but i have met three and a half million who were there .
mr justice jackson concluded that in the absence of any proper investigation into the injury , its cause could not be determined .
he said : `` the law is clear that any child who is charged with an offence should not be held overnight unless absolutely necessary .
iran is under growing pressure to agree the immediate release of three british citizens from prison on humanitarian grounds , amid fears that at least two of them may die behind bars .
david made sure he died on a monday morning so that people in england , the england he loved , found out first .
last term he scored just five times but this season is looking far more promising with the same number of goals to his name already .
but with this return , it looks as if murphy ' s forgotten the prospect of forever that faced him four years ago .
`` it ' s my last run in the fa cup so i want to make it a good one , '' said terry after the game .
in 2012 he moved to bitter rivals manchester united , citing lack of titles and `` the little boy inside of him `` as reasons for his move .
sheriff ' s department officials have said the escape probably began with the inmates cutting through a metal screen in their fourth - floor cell .
our two countries have many things in common , and i believe we should use this to strengthen our relationship and co - operation in the future .
but could a man attempting to become president of the united states really think paris , capital of france ( you ' re welcome ) , is in germany ?
the court dismissed previous reviews of those four opposition leaders on death row , leading to their execution , the latest in november last year .
in fact , high - tech workers can start out earning far more than low - tech workers , but end up earning far less .
this trip is also on a monday , but it ' s in the two weeks before christmas , when he is open .
the scottish government said its `` vision `` was to ensure scotland had the best air quality in europe and it has argued that local authorities had a key role to play .
she later explained that men often found the problems associated with this time in a woman ' s life difficult to discuss .
the council said that while it had not set out to increase sentence levels , the guidelines reflect increases that have occurred over recent years .
she said : `` we have neither the time , resources , nor enough people with the right skills to build sufficient power plants .
the rate per 100 , 000 women has started to fall , however - from 20 . 15 per 100 , 000 in 2013 to 19 . 37 predicted this year , while death rates are still rising in the other countries .
he caught three score in his rookie year with far fewer opportunities , but a better catch percentage and a higher yards per reception .
but up until last week , the candidates ' tv spots were fairly standard , paint - by - number messages .
the man is in custody and is expected to appear at court hearing in hong kong on monday , police said .
after being arrested , he told police he ' won the girl ' in a card game against her 30 - year - old father alexander .
`` i couldn ' t go any further than 60 because my father died at 61 , '' graham , who is 27 , has said .
and just 36 per cent of couples cut the cake together on their wedding day , according to the survey of 1 , 000 british men and women .
the finding could lead scientists to be able to work out a way of treating the disease at its source , rather than simply looking to reduce the symptoms .
what that means : obama will be talking about himself , not asking congress for a long list of items he knows he ' ll never get .
with about 25 million homes in the uk , each island would provide around 0 . 5 per cent of national power needs .
but in a sign of the times , many houses are bought by apartment developers for a premium , ms roberts said .
the $ 40 million , 11 , 800 square metre facility on evans road was parent company singapore post ' s first investment in australia .
but the device , which allows users to access email messages on its eye - level screen and to record video with a tiny camera , quickly ran into problems .
although it was the rams that sparked the recent rise in interest , agents said other factors are driving demand as well .
and in at least one sense he still is , as the film acting bowie did is , of course , very much still available to watch .
if you can ' t , you can come back to it in a few years and see it from a different perspective .
of course thompson can not be expected to make the same sort of extraordinary goal - scoring contribution that he once did .
the media will be all invited and we ' ll see how fox does in its ratings with no trump on stage .
two men were charged with the incidents , and the shooting of a police officer , allegedly as they were travelling to again target ms williams ' house .
`` these women have been fighting this battle , off and on , for over 50 years now , '' she said .
it means i can ' t go out with a shopping list ; i just have to buy what ' s there .
he said it would be ' possible to hold a referendum in june ' if a deal is reached at february ' s summit .
it ' s tough but it ' s only one day , only one match and i have many matches ahead of me .
' for an 86 - year - old man to be held in prison for what has happened doesn ' t sound right .
both of those deaths occurred on saturday , and baltimore officials say the city saw one additional death they at first believed was snow related but did not give details .
when it was suggested that she move in with michael and his wife , the brother threatened to commit suicide .
five years ago , its economic forecasts were far too optimistic - meaning that osborne had to break his famous pledge to balance the national books before last year ' s general election .
they stated that `` as a general rule `` users should be informed when the government seeks access to data .
google has now agreed to change its accounting system so that a higher proportion of sales activity is registered in britain rather than ireland .
as long as he ' s still racing like this and has the will to win you ' ve got to take them on .
every year , more than a million people will arrive , desperate to find their only child the perfect match - a huge burst in popularity since the first worried parents arrived in 2005 , looking for their future in - laws .
there is greater support for better mental health screening : more than three in four americans think better mental health screening would help to prevent gun violence , including 45 percent who think it would help a lot .
when the afghanistan independent human rights commission ' s report was released last year , it found the practice was still just as widespread as it had always been .
police said the investigation into monday ' s `` tragic circumstances `` would cover domestic violence and mental - health issues .
he is among 70 per cent of refugees who are either working or studying to gain english language or other employment skills .
no charges were filed in that incident , and it was not clear whether it involved the same woman mentioned in the latest texas incident .
and then we came in between them but it was not like we had to grab them , to stop them from hitting .
the premier league is starting to open up a little bit and a lot of teams are ready for the battle this year .
as i said at the start , we have seen here in our capital city a devastating event but it is no more devastating than those that we have seen in towns and cities right across regional queensland for the last three weeks .
a separate natural flood management study is being carried out in the area which may identify additional actions that could be included within the flood protection scheme .
in this moment it doesn ' t fit too well so we have to think about how to make it easier for players to bring in their skills .
three weeks ago , my journalist - in - training daughter amy broke up with her boyfriend for the final time .
`` i hope people understand that people still live this way and it ' s not just something from a museum , '' he says .
i ' ll take a look at it , but any politician that says they don ' t look at them isn ' t telling the truth .
`` but instead of trying to pull her in , '' sarah told me later , `` my heart sort of ... went over to her .
we have received 2 . 5 million individual contributions , more than any campaign in the history of the united states of america .
also , since a son ' s birth was celebrated by the family , we decided we [ at the hospital ] would celebrate a daughter ' s birth .
`` we are under a lot of pressure from our customers to get back up and running , but we need to make sure we recover the site properly and safely before we start back up again , '' he said .
we have had as much raised in funds last year as we were raising five years ago when half of it was government money .
for those who have stayed in britain and bought during the past five years , many had to move to a cheaper area in order to be able to afford to buy .
the view of many executives is that such cross - selling leads to customers who contribute more revenue , on average , and are less likely to leave .
`` i think it ' s fair to say that seven out of 10 australians support marriage equality , and that ' s not only quite high for any social reform , it ' s higher than in any other country with marriage equality , '' he said .
in september , a mother thought to have been planning to travel to syria with her four children was arrested after returning to the uk .
`` they ' ll be making sure there are enough resources on the ground , that people are operating safely , that the incident action plan is being implemented , that reports are being made back to government , '' he said .
there is , however , concern among congressional republicans and democrats that too many active - duty troops are being cut from the force .
but i am excited to be thinking about who are we going to play next weekend and to have the opportunity to help .
`` if britain stopped bombing muslims in syria , the muslims in syria would stop attacking them ... is that hard to understand ? '' he says .
murray has never lost to an australian on tour , and only once to a home - town player in a major .
and as a coach you ask your guys to leave it out on the court and that ' s what they did .
and while i ' m not travelling around the world for my tennis , that ' s where i ' ll stay .
in fact , everyone thought he was just another kid -- until 3 years ago , when he walked into his first national men ' s tournament .
`` so i went on and later met and married another woman , a good woman , who helped my mixed up head get straight , '' thomas said .
`` i just don ' t understand what that means , '' clinton said in an interview on cnn thursday afternoon .
there are definitely some people i wouldn ' t mind seeing burned to death - i absolutely have a kill list .
he says had he not been calm , `` i would be pretty certain that i would have died in the plane .
the guy we used to rely on a lot is gone , so we need someone to step up and take the role .
i won at school , i beat the girls and boys so it was a big deal at the time when i was about 11 .
the music doesn ' t have to fit into a category , the only category is : it ' s great .
the programme ' s editor agreed that it had paid miss abbott too much , and a bbc spokesman said at the time that it ' noted ' the trust ' s ruling .
we have a set of policies to try and solve this issue , it is one of the government ' s main challenges .
bill clinton , former us president and husband of hillary clinton , former secretary of state and 2016 democratic presidential candidate , after speaking at a campaign rally in new hampshire on monday .
they write me letters a lot of the time and give them to me at shows , or they ' ll tweet it at me or write on instagram .
but to play in the one - day game you have to play in the one - day competition and to play in the test matches you have to play in the longer form of cricket at home .
he has 2 million followers on his personal instagram account , where he posts pictures of his daily life and work .
`` i want to play for england , it ' s the reason i get up in the morning and put my body through hell , '' he said .
`` we ' re prepared to be out here for as long as we need to be , '' he said in an 8 - minute long facebook video posted early this morning .
the service station already has some of the lowest fuel prices in canberra , with fairly consistent lines of cars waiting to fill up .
her defense of the remarks monday in an interview with a south african news site , news 24 , only made things worse .
we have no idea what it ' s like to be a mother so it ' s impossible for us to be in your shoes so do what you need to do .
on thursday , stocks got a rough start to the session as oil prices continued their decline and volume was low ahead of the long new year ' s weekend .
so , for now , it is important to remember that when you feel yourself gaining a few pounds , your body will see this as a success and it will fight hard to keep any extra weight .
the call comes as new figures released by the government show that british bomb and missile exports to saudi arabia have increased by 11 , 000 per cent from £ 9 million to £ 1 billion over three months last year .
the school said a long - term supply teacher had left earlier than expected and a replacement could not been found .
we are looking for a would - be journalist to spend three months of the summer working on the newspaper in london , writing about science and technology .
i ' m not the type of person who can kind of just sit there and wait for time to blow by .
mps have begun to raise concerns about the fate of the committee on arms export controls , which was not re - established at the beginning of this parliament last may .
if you don ' t want to start with that many breaks , then at least plan on two 15 - minute breaks a day .
police said the man did not open the door but insisted that he was fine and would contact the us embassy .
just to give them three or four hours off the farm so they can forget about the drought - it ' s important , really important .
he ' s trained well this week , he ' s been in on time and he ' s done everything that everyone else has done .
on the latter point , he defended himself by saying he didn ' t want to meet with any special interest groups .
and how we make sure we have a democrat going back into that white house on january 20 , 2017 .
she added : ' people with no memory are often taken to hospital to see if there is a physical or mental issue which requires treatment .
`` we will share additional plans for a more focused yahoo on or before our fourth - quarter earnings call , '' it said .
there were no grounds for it , and i really felt that people needed to know what was going on behind the scenes to get a really clear picture of where our governments were taking us .
you don ' t like people telling you what to do , and this will always be a theme for you .
during that same interview , he suggested the uk should vote to get out of europe unless there were some `` extremely significant changes `` in the way the eu is organised .
he ' ll take his message to washington this week as an obama guest in the gallery above the house floor .
a spokeswoman for mr johnson said : ' the mayor is leading the most ambitious and comprehensive package of measures in the world to improve london ' s air quality .
but police said there was a `` lack of alternative accommodation , '' while local authorities said they faced difficulties in finding emergency care .
i think i need to do her proud and play as well as i physically can , so that if she ' s watching she ' ll be happy .
ap : `` the commission itself has put an extra half a billion euros worth of humanitarian aid - clearly it ' s not enough because in a global crisis everyone needs to be there .
there are quite a few challenges that need to be overcome to take a picture of a black hole - it ' s something that ' s extremely small in the sky .
the chief medical officer said recently that obesity should be treated as a national priority and recommended the government should include the issue on its national risk planning .
there are also lots of people at very high risk of developing diabetes over the next five to 10 years .
you can ' t believe the things we talked about over the years , or at least back in the day when we were close .
we are not , however , too sure about this latest innovation , which the championship side tried out for the first time against birmingham city at st . andrews on saturday .
where the evidence supports it , charges will be laid , and a jury will decide , not the police , and our language should always reflect this .
i ' ll just keep working at where i want to be and let you guys get excited on my behalf .
the time to sell is when the original reason you invested no longer stands - or you can ' t remember what it was .
corbyn said : `` labour is now committed to a publicly owned railway as the best way to secure a fair deal for rail passengers and taxpayers , and long term investment for a modern railway system .
they ' re also a vital part of my cooking , and something i ' d have a very hard time living without them .
`` while there is of course much more to do , we are making important progress in improving all aspects of the shopping trip , and our customers tell us they are pleased with the changes , '' he said .
it was found on the site of a former bombing range , and warnings have been issued for people to stay away .
and the true number could in fact be much higher , because these figures do not include teachers who are facing criminal charges but have not yet appeared in court .
the underlying culture is really good here , staff love this company and they would do anything for it but for a long time now we ' ve felt like we ' re just a number .
the los angeles fire department said the blast occurred about 2 : 45 p . m . at a building that was under construction .
but it is my job and i do it to the best of my ability and i get so much joy out of being an actor .
canberra have one of the league ' s more explosive offences but aside from two runs in the fourth inning , they never really threatened a comeback .
but one thing you can ' t take away from the kid is when he gets in front of goal he is calm and has that wonderful ability to finish .
she saw how her perspective on her own story had changed in particular toward the story ' s perceived bad mother .
i ' m doing what makes me happy and that is what is right for me , '' she said at the time .
he played very , very well and he ' s been playing great tennis the past four years , and especially last year .
it is because the government ' s proposals would be bad for patient care as well as junior doctors in the long - term that we are taking this stand .
the billionaire businessman will hold a competing rally nearby , although speculation remains that he may yet turn up on the debate stage .
how do you see that and being able to close the gap for those people who have not been given that opportunity to have quality health care ?
on the substance of the awards , only about 4 in 10 americans say they think oscar winners typically represent the best films and performances of the year , while 49 % say they don ' t .
the pair settled down into a jet - set life that included his music and her beauty business but always as much privacy as they could manage .
while you may not necessarily want to take text messages or phone calls in your head , there will be plenty of opportunity for other applications , especially in the medical field .
i just felt that we gave it to him a little bit and we have been a lot more aggressive in the second test match than we were in the first test match .
the pair became friends around 15 years ago after mrs warner asked for care at home following a knee operation .
as for the ending , it has been changed in one significant way : in real life , nobody got killed .
`` i purchased the car about 12 years ago for $ 70 , 000 and i ' ve put in another $ 50 - 80 , 000 worth of work , so it is worth quite a lot now , '' he said .
now we ' re almost four years in , it ' s no longer starting the conversation , it ' s about what ' s the next level of conversation .
their research projects last years , not weeks , she told me , and there ' s virtually no social life at the camp .
uk government ties to saudi arabia have frequently been criticised because of the country ' s poor record on human rights , including extensive use of the death penalty .
`` if the president wanted to give a speech about what the president has been able to do over the last seven years , we ' d have plenty to talk about , '' the white house official said .
he had shown great quality in training , but i don ' t want to keep a player at the club who doesn ' t want to be here .
i am fine with the situation but first of all you need young players who want to learn and if we can create a situation where they feel it is the right place to learn then everything is good .
and if in the short - term we take a hit from that i think the franchise will benefit in the long term from young players in their early 20s coming through and gaining experience .
the broncos `` best hope is that their defence , the nfl ' s best , will get to brady before he gets to them .
the more i thought about it , the more i realized there was an opportunity to make something maybe a little different than what they were expecting .
we ' ve held those prices from the first season for five seasons to make sure there ' s no barrier for entry for families .
it is proposed that we increase our working hours by 9 minutes a day from 7 hours and 21 minutes to 7 hours 30 minutes daily .
the films that are being made , are the big - time producers thinking outside of the box in terms of how to cast the role ?
authorities have a responsibility to take information seriously , even if the wider picture is not clear , she said .
but there were a lot of venture capital and private equity firms that wanted to invest in the business because it was growing so quickly .
it ' s important that people have the opportunity to contribute to a national debate on how these new powers should be used .
he basically told them how much the opportunity to possibly play for a super bowl meant to him and how much it meant for him to be a part of the team .
mr fox ' s long - term partner kim russell said in a statement : `` you touched everybody you met , always ready with a helping hand and a joke .
labour , which has previously estimated the likely loss of council housing at 200 , 000 homes by 2020 , joined the attack .
back to london and it felt like i ' d been away for a week but it had only been a couple days .
`` i believe today as strongly as i ever have that independence is the best future for our country , '' she said .
there is also a relatively new category of people who have to do a return : if you or your partner ' s income is more than £ 50 , 000 and one of you claimed child benefit you must do self - assessment .
i ' m not in the actors branch , but i certainly didn ' t think he was very good in the part .
they were full of anger , and we had to make sure that none of us were pulled away by them .
united are fifth in the premier league table , five points behind fourth - placed tottenham and 10 off leaders leicester .
these include the fact that an estimated 80 % of infected people do not have any symptoms and that there is no vaccine in prospect .
the buildings , like we ' ve said before , next door have way more damage and they ' re still standing after five years .
he wasn ' t out there to be let off the bit , especially on a track that ' s heavy when he ' s racing on saturday .
australian shares are set to open strongly higher on monday after a positive end to the week on asian markets and a 10 per cent surge in the price of oil , which pushed us stocks to their first week of gains in a month .
lewis fell to 0 - 7 in the playoffs as a head coach , the most such losses to start a career in nfl history .
he was very active in the civil rights movement of the late 1960s and early 1970s and , subsequently , worked for the community in his city .
' they are a family searching for answers and it shouldn ' t have been my responsibility to tell them about this .
at the time , mr evans said he would pursue a new career and has found work in the private sector .
in india , i covered a general election in 2014 that many described as one of the most important polls in the country ' s history .
he said : `` a jet has become available at a far reduced price and with the donations at the hospital and online we have reached the price we need for the jet .
mr brown ( pictured in hospital ) thought he would be fine despite reading up on some of the horror stories .
more than 150 , 000 tourists fled , dealing a blow to one of egypt ' s top sources of foreign revenue .
when i was serving , everything is just coming back to your side with that power , so deep that you can not do anything .
it ' s very rare to be able to come in at the beginning of a story , but that is what we did .
i ' m just happy to be playing , because even if i ' m on the usa team i ' ll be representing the country .
however , ms cooper said that the latest proposals from the eu commission did not add up to a `` comprehensive response `` to the refugee crisis .
he grew up in inner - city east baltimore , was raised by a single mother and was the first one in his family to graduate from college .
those trying to get hold of their tickets online , however , were met with the message : `` we have really high levels of traffic to our site at the moment .
they already had a degree in another field so had passed the academic requirements but they couldn ' t maintain eye contact , they couldn ' t maintain conversation .
france remains in a state of emergency after november ' s deadly attacks by the islamic state ( is ) group in paris .
but at the moment the industry ' s environmental actions fall far short of what is needed , analysts warn .
from the age of six to 11 , mohammed was in and out of hospital but his situation made it hard for him to fit in at school after news of his accident spread .
this isn ' t just about human rights lawyers , there were plenty of people within the military and the military legal community who raised their concerns as well , and are still doing so .
' i was getting angry at stuff i shouldn ' t be getting angry at , getting aggressive , perhaps drinking a bit too much . , a full bottle of wine of an evening .
i had decided i couldn ' t put myself through it any more , so my fifth round was going to be my last .
i feel incredibly lucky , and all that i hope is that this special someone knows from the bottom of my heart how much they truly mean to me .
almost 2 , 000 pregnant women now have the virus , colombia ' s national health institute said , out of the more than 20 , 000 people infected across colombia .
so then we started talking about how interesting it would be to catch up with those characters and see what that meant for them all .
if the time was right and that was the thing to do , then i would make that decision when it came around .
but if energy companies were removed from that figure , s & p 500 profits would be up a very healthy 5 . 7 percent for the full year .
there were 4 , 000 more arrests in england and wales for violence in 2014 - 15 than the year before and 2 , 600 more for sexual offences .
' i ' m tired of seeing movies where no one is represented except a bit of the population , not all of it , ' she said .
however , he managed to get her back on stage again to hear a recorded message from her son and daughter .
all political parties in india have condemned the attack , but there were no demands that the government call off the talks with pakistan .
but still we need to win because we want to be at the end , at the top of the league and not in the middle .
in his two regular - season appearances for new england , he rushed 21 times for 50 yards and a touchdown .
`` in the past it ' s been a ceremony followed by a concert , this year is a ceremony and concert all in one big show , '' she said .
it ' s no wonder that some in the field are describing obesity as the `` new smoking `` - and ministers are , bit by bit , being convinced .
those of you who have teenagers , it doesn ' t happen now , whatever the behavior is you ' re trying to change , pound away , pound away , pound away .
the moment you watch him pass the football he will come at you , he has made a lot of line - breaks this year .
i had built a worldwide company and the strength that could have come from a combined identity should have been great .
prince harry left the army in june after 10 years ' service , before spending the summer as a volunteer with conservation experts in southern africa .
a yellow `` be aware `` warning for snow and ice was also in place for much of scotland , northern ireland , and north - west and north - east england .
it ' s been a long time since i ' ve had that support , so i promised myself that i would come back and be the player who could really deserve that award .
the government needs to invest more in early - stage intervention to prevent someone being forced to crisis point before someone is able to help .
i know that she ' s a beautiful young lady [ who is ] very talented and i know that she ' ll have a lot of other opportunities .
the midfielder ' s evening played out much like his loan spell at liverpool - nothing much to write home about .
a reward will be provided for information leading to the arrest of a suspect or suspects in this crime , according to the department .
at least three other countries have been the subject of the same story , which appears to have begun in iraq .
as she points out : `` it ' s always men who do the surgery , so it ' s their idea of beauty , not a woman ' s idea .
i ' m pretty nervous , but looking forward to going over there with the team and being part of it .
he was a member of the school ' s cross country team , but wasn ' t listed on the website saturday .
the world may change quite a lot in the next six years and we will consider it at that point .
as former president bill clinton made his first solo appearances on the campaign trail this month , trump has begun to question hillary clinton ' s commitment to women ' s rights given her husband ' s history with affairs and sexual misconduct .
if the trials prove successful , we expect these iconic vehicles to become a familiar sight in many cities around the world .
but even if the court rules in the philippines `` favour , china has made clear that it will ignore it .
having to tackle him out in the open field , having to defend the quarterback runs and those types of things will be something different for us .
speaking to the telegraph , he said : `` the bbc paid each of us £ 2 , 000 per series for writing and performing .
but as far as ... hollywood making me feel that i needed to lose the weight , i didn ' t feel that pressure .
with his fate in iowa depending on turning out new voters , a no - show at the debate is definitely a risk .
`` we had enough opportunities in the second half , we totally dominated away from home , if it had been 4 - 2 or 5 - 2 in the second half it wouldn ' t have been a surprise , '' he said .
we tried to drive out of the fire but we couldn ' t see in front of us and couldn ' t find the road .
the academic paper confirmed that the facebook research team had successfully built a go program that took third place in a competition between various other machine players .
it ' s not understood , but people have to talk about it , explore their feelings , as hard as it is .
your guests might never guess dinner came together in only 15 minutes , or that it used a total of five ingredients .
she also claims he transferred all their joint assets , including the £ 23 million reserve in south africa , to the offshore trust .
this club won six games last year , so i ' m pretty proud of the achievement the club has made in a short period of time .
a welsh government spokesman said there had been a sharp rise in the number of people seeking treatment in emergency departments .
perhaps the biggest impact of his injuries has not been the games he has missed ( city have actually won more games without him than with him ) but that he subsequently has looked a little off the pace when he has played .
i met a young iraqi man with striking green eyes outside one of the city ' s larger refugee homes .
the trail of destruction left behind them in terms of competition and results being not what they should be is huge .
it is also important that we take appropriate action to ensure there is a fair , competitive environment for employers who are doing the right thing by creating a level playing field in relation to business costs .
because there are few parts , there ' s fierce competition and anything that ' s led by a woman is not finance - able .
she talked about how when she was a child , she and her grandmother went to the movies three or four times a week to see double - features , watching six to eight movies a week .
you go to stores now , and you set up a shop and they don ' t have a cash register .
in addition , anyone with any other information that can help us find mary ' s killer should also get in touch .
i thought i maybe could have done better in my service games when i was up a break in the second and third sets , but credit to him for fighting and showing why he ' s one of the best in the world .
another will allow people to request that a judge order weapons be taken away from relatives who are believed to pose a threat .
i hope he plays a lot of test cricket for australia , i certainly know he ' s far greater a talent than i ever was .
the 28 - year - old victim , from liverpool , required surgery for his injuries following thursday ' s attack .
if i eat well , feel good and have had enough sleep , i can deal with stress and then let it go .
so , i think it ' s really important for us not to suggest that if we can ' t solve every crime , we shouldn ' t try to solve any crimes .
but now the case could be turning into a diplomatic row between germany and russia , as the kremlin gets involved .
kelly and trump have been at odds since last summer , when kelly asked him at the first gop debate about his statements about women .
the person who is losing , well , i have lost x amount in a row ; i don ' t have anything to lose .
what is not clear is whether all this is leading the country away from an economic and political crash or more rapidly towards one .
their manager , mark hughes , felt they had found it difficult to raise their game after losing their league cup semi - final on penalties to liverpool on tuesday night .
`` i think it ' s clearly an excellent drawing , and i think he would have been delighted that it ' s not just found its place , but it ' s found its time , '' she said .
if they want scott , who has one assist and 25 penalty minutes in 28 games , so be it .
the mps say that they have ' no doubt ' that most uk charities did not engage in such practices but the behaviour of some has damaged the reputation of all and made it harder for them to raise money .
the talk show i put online is kind of its own attack on talk shows , but it ' s also so one - note .
he ' s a little bit heavy at the moment so he knows we ' ll get that down ... he got through really well which we ' re happy about .
and it ' s unclear how much southern california will get from water supplies in the north later this year .
a few times for christmas i was given around £ 10 , but never enough money to go out on my own .
but some of the key tools the world has to fight the disease are becoming less effective , which is why research and development of new drugs is so important .
the united states and its two main military allies in asia , south korea and japan , pledged a combined push to secure a comprehensive , hard - hitting international response to north korea ' s latest nuclear test .
the 43 - year - old wasn ' t told that anyone had used his vehicle when he picked it up later in the day .
by 2018 , i will have been in canberra for 12 years , so this is very much home for me .
and speaking to the independent , there were cross - party calls for the government to issue a full response to last year ' s alleged leak .
what we ' ve put forward gives everybody in the entire team an opportunity to show what they ' re made of .
google says the drone may drop the package or lower it via a cable , an approach google has previously demonstrated .
facebook , which told investors on wednesday it was `` excited about the targeting , '' does not let candidates track individual users .
the comments came after official figures in beijing showed china ' s economy grew by 6 . 9 per cent in 2015 - the worst performance for quarter of a century .
we don ' t care particularly who owns the stations , we just want there to be a commitment to deliver local services and to deliver them in an effective way .
`` they think once women get in they ' ll take over , that ' s one comment , the other one is the fact we have people with various challenges that we need to protect , '' he said .
the woman ' s two - year - old child received minor injuries and was receiving treatment at the hospital .
they ' ve always been an important part of our destination story but they ' ve never before taken centre stage .
i guess people are putting two and two together that if he ' s not in the team he will move in january .
the issue is that there are too many choices and you can ' t always get through quickly to the help you need .
`` it ' s very hard for tony hall to close anything he personally opened and , as bbc head of news , he started both radio 5 live and , effectively , the bbc news channel , '' noted a senior bbc journalist .
if you get a call , hang up , and ring the number on the back of your credit card using a different phone from the one they called you on .
if there ' s one law of the technology space and the internet it ' s nobody owns the future , '' he says .
`` the only hope for america is not the democratic party and it ' s not the republican party , '' graham told me .
for me , when you have 24 or 25 players they all work very hard and some players deserve to play and can ' t - you can only pick 11 and seven on the bench .
so we hope there ' s nothing bad and , of course , first is the family and the health , so i think it ' s very good that andy went there to be with him .
it ' s simply this - that we are an island continent , and the only one on the planet .
though the justice department has not made such broad allegations , hamilton said , the nature of its prosecution will lead in that direction .
and i said ' 15 for 15 , ' with the message being let ' s make them print 15 tickets this year , somehow , some way .
the health department said there had been red violations on three separate days at the location that was closed and that meat was held at temperatures that were too low .
i do not know whether you can not or will not be clear about what `` out `` looks like but the british people deserve an honest assessment of the benefits and costs of leaving the eu .
when the drug trial results come out - and if they ' re positive - we will know we are on the right road .
the white house hopes to have more meetings in the near future with tech executives on the topic , a person familiar with the administration ' s plans said .
he is due to be married on february 20 , but on thursday he remained in hospital with serious injuries .
the england midfielder has long been linked with the blues and was said to be a favourite of former manager jose mourinho .
we want 14 or 15 potentially good players who , when needed , can go into the line - up .
the role of the school is to make children feel safe to talk about things , but it can be difficult to manage , and it can be shocking for young teachers .
' all i ' m going to do now is mix it up , and wait to see what happens , ' he continues .
he and roger worked together a lot , all three of us have been friends from before roger joined us last year but it was the first time we ' d all worked together and it was great .
she ' s obviously the tennis of the past because she ' s dominated the game for so much of the last 20 years ; what i want , and what she wants too , is that her tennis is the tennis of the future .
she said her brother had pushed for a second investigation into the death , adding : `` why would he do this if he was guilty ?
`` there are followers who like my photos without fail , and they ' re mostly younger girls who want to know about my life , '' she adds .
my mum was up there in one of the boxes , my sister as well , it ' s a special day for all the family - both here and up there .
she ' s an incredibly tough opponent and i knew i had to run down each ball and fight for every point .
that said , though we could have gotten him a cake ; you know , all those moments would probably be lost in time , like tears in rain .
the girl and her parents had an intervention order taken out against the former principal in march 2013 , which banned any communication between the pair .
about 30 , 000 people have reached the final stage of the challenge - roughly 5 % of those who entered - but so far no one has successfully completed it .
rubio remains a long shot for a win here , but with this much uncertainty in iowa , a surprise second - place finish might be in reach .
`` if ever there were truth to the saying , ' it takes a village , ' it ' s now , '' she said .
republican candidates for the us presidency have criticised the deal , and some iranian officials fear washington could walk away from the deal when president barack obama leaves office in early 2017 .
there is a system ... by which individuals can petition the courts to get relief like others have done in the past that shows that someone might actually be innocent .
over half of those who have won millions have admitted being `` fairly or very optimistic `` characters , with nearly every winner claiming they `` knew `` they were going to win .
you see someone you ' re there with every day , talk about getting home ... and then one of them ends up dead .
some experts suggest that the apparent surge in cases may be due to a particular strain of the virus , or perhaps a more complex combination of factors .
what we know about gap - year students is that when they finally get to university , they value their education more .
the charity is urging anyone starting to have difficulties paying their rent or mortgage to get help as early as possible to avoid losing their home .
but the organisation he left is in a far better place now , with new management , players and an improved culture .
i know it ' s the same amount of players as normal , 40 - some players , but i still think it should probably be a couple more .
it did not go into details about how it does this but said that its methods allow police to read messages .
some of them doubled , but the a stood for amazon , not for apple , which ended the year down 4 per cent .
we were told that william ' s condition was non - urgent , we didn ' t require any emergency treatment and we would have a six - hour call back from an out - of - hours doctor .
' i don ' t blame them , i blame the government does not fund it well enough to give first class treatment and that breaks my heart .
on abortion , in 1999 , during a national television interview , trump stated : `` well , i ' m very pro - choice .
in late november , the nsw government announced it was considering three final options - at a cost of around $ 500 million - to provide more water .
they took off with a `` substantial `` amount of money due to extra visitors over the holiday period who came to see a special christmas display .
at first , he has his hands up , but then he appears to reach into his pocket and he falls into the snow .
you know , i ' m -- i have to do that because i ' m very guilty with the ice cream and i have to ask you this .
she , a chinese is a feature film i made [ in 2009 ] about someone coming to london and trying to discover themselves .
so back to the conversation i had with the lady who had recently received the news that she had advanced cancer that had spread , and that she would probably not live much longer than a year or so .
where someone seeking asylum elsewhere in the eu can demonstrate they have close family members legally in the uk , we will take responsibility for that claim .
she said : ' i knew something was wrong and that it was more serious than i was being told by the doctors .
in the past - especially after the loss of so many men during the first world war - sisters who lived together over a lifetime were relatively common .
' it ' s just something you can ' t put your finger on , just different , more than anyone else i ' ve ever known .
a study suggests that where children grow up in england has an increasing impact on how well they do at school .
a calais police spokesman said they were aware of the incident , and would be `` studying the video `` to see if the law had been broken .
if you pop in to or look at the website of any major bank you ' ll find lots of information for anyone that wants a new investment - but very little help for those already saving .
for instance , are you on the best mortgage deal , or is your good rate about to come to an end ?
i knew it was somewhere near greece , roughly , but it turned out to be a lot closer to syria and iraq than i ' d expected .
i ' m going to have to face one of the biggest rivals , but that ' s what it takes .
it is all up in the air with a new coach but [ that ] is the way it has been for the last couple of years .
`` you don ' t hire a coach over the phone , so why would you fire him over the phone ? '' the source said .
sir michael gave his backing to tory policy in 2010 when david cameron launched plans to sign up teenagers for civilian national service .
according to u . s . officials , the change now means that u . s . forces can actively pursue isis elements and attack them as a threat to the united states .
the current workforce shows 7 % of construction workers are aged 16 - 25 , while 10 % are aged 56 - 60 and 9 % are over 65 .
it ' s got to be fair for everyone else , but we ' re not going to apply a fine today .
when you ' re on top , when you ' re in a certain place in your life or career , you have a responsibility to not just drop off .
another 8 percent would stay home instead of voting for christie , and 6 percent say the same about carson , cruz , and paul .
all these movies that you have done , how have you been able to do it and how can others of color be able to have a similar successful career here in hollywood ?
it ' s been too hard fought for and i ' m going to stand up and make it clear there ' s a huge difference between us .
russians are spending less on cars , property and trips abroad , but most are still able to put food on the table .
first , you ' re allowed to earn a set sum every year that the government won ' t tax .
if i had done a good job , the first - team players would be grateful , and we would be given a bit of cash - just £ 10 or £ 20 - at christmas , and at the end of the season .
`` we still don ' t really know what this award means apart from being an incredible honour , '' he said .
with more people playing more chances that number combination is going to be out there so your chances are not increasing .
in those circumstances , it didn ' t matter who i played next , it would have been an extremely difficult match .
why are you looking at what is clearly the cheap bit of the wine list , can ' t you buy proper wine ?
in a world with no safety net they ' ll be expected to earn enough to put food on the table , pay their rent and keep the roof over their head .
the women were raped repeatedly before all five were taken to a snow - covered soccer field and shot in the head .
to begin with , some solid wins from our australian tennis players have set the stage for an interesting season .
that ' s the big question and others flow from that - like how do you make agreements and share the resources ? she said .
the uk has been one of mcdonald ' s best - performing businesses , delivering almost 10 years of consecutive sales growth .
u . s . stocks are opening higher , led by gains in big technology companies , which have had a rough start to the year .
former prime minister tony blair yesterday warned the eu would face `` a huge political problem `` if terrorists were found to be entering europe among the refugees .
in particular , he said , he set a goal of turning out 10 , 000 college students , who made up a key part of his father ' s support during previous presidential campaigns .
earlier that year , a malaysia airlines flight heading to beijing disappeared and is believed to have crashed in the indian ocean .
government data shows the number of passengers flying between australia and new zealand rose by nearly 7 per cent in october compared with a year earlier .
meanwhile , the potential advantage that european and japanese stocks have is that their central banks are keeping interest rates at rock bottom to support growth , even as the federal reserve begins to raise rates .
the poll also asked voters if they believe cruz , who was born in canada to an american mother , is a natural - born citizen and thus eligible for the presidency .
it ' s the very future of the nhs - which they have committed their lives to - which they fear is at stake .
if he is alive and he ' s out there and sees this , we ' d love to just hear from him and know that he ' s ok .
we hope to see this research progress into human clinical trials and ultimately a potential new type 1 diabetes therapy .
we ' ve got to do a few things turn that around , but we ' re still confident we can and we are definitely still looking at playing in september .
more than 20 , 000 are still without power in new jersey , down from about 58 , 000 on saturday night .
`` i hear it was checked out by every attorney and every which way and i understand ted is in fine shape , '' he told the network then .
mr johnson today insisted britain could have a ' great future ' outside the eu and refused to rule out campaigning against the prime minister when the referendum is called .
`` we weren ' t sure if our house would be there when the residents were allowed back in , '' she says .
for a start , it says we ' ve made a lot of progress in getting the rest of the economy growing strongly .
we know south africa ' s history with the racial issues in the past , so to see two guys step up is what it ' s all about .
he stayed in illinois for the birth of his child , a boy , who was born at about the same time as the game began .
`` i love that my words stand on their own , '' she writes in the blog ' s `` about me `` entry .
i can ' t continue to have a professional work life , and social life as well , not knowing if i come home and my property is not going to be there .
we know she spent some time in custody ( but the records have long since been destroyed ) and we know people who knew her and spent time with her , but nobody knows her name .
he ' s hopeful that italy passes the proposed law but resigned to the idea that the country is not yet ready for full - on same - sex marriage .
he said : `` this view of the world seems to separate the world into adults and children , and the adults are the west the others - the children - are anti - west .
i think that because it is so far - once you get there , you feel as if you ' ve been dropped on another planet .
the families of children with severe and complex learning difficulties have expressed shock and anger after their `` unique `` school announced it is to close within weeks .
he just loved having fun , he couldn ' t be with his friends without making sure that everybody had fun .
`` we should be preparing our strategy and putting in place a ground campaign , but as it is , we ' re spending our energy fighting each other , '' they said .
though i think it ' s a shame , i don ' t know that they should be taking all the responsibility .
while he hopes to go the distance this time around , murray is hoping for staying power of a different kind - that his wife kim will keep to her due date of mid - february .
we also need to look at arms exports on a country - by - country basis and the obvious one is saudi arabia .
they tend to back candidates who , while sharing their core values , stand a solid chance of winning the presidency .
whether i play two or a hundred games in england , i would like to eventually make this childhood dream come true .
even though they are both from the netherlands , they were very much looking forward to building their shared future here .
`` as someone who has been on the receiving end of criticism about diversity , the only thing i know for sure is that our job is to listen - not to defend ourselves , '' she wrote .
the son of a cuban man and an american woman , most legal experts agree cruz is a naturally - born u . s . citizen eligible to be commander - in - chief .
and the evidence they sought was not done in the normal way but by going on television and radio and appealing for victims to come forward , who they said would be believed .
the film is part of a wider campaign by counter - terrorism police to encourage women and mothers to play their part in preventing their children from travelling to syria .
i ' ve spent a large portion of my life on this thing - mostly to make it , in my eyes , as good as it can be .
dna results revealed william was the father , but jeremy warned the mum to seriously consider not having her violent ex in her life .
i ' m not going to talk too much about it , but it was just a massive mix up and that ' s just part of the challenges you face .
i found my way back to a path that i felt was very familiar , but knew i ' d never walked on before .
we have been working with hospitals and other nhs providers across the country to ensure we can continue to protect the safety of our patients and provide the urgent services they need .
some people can get there in three or four games , some need eight or nine , but after 11 games , if you ' ve been playing regularly , you ' re match - fit .
we will now continue to move further and faster in 2016 to clean up the bank and improve our core businesses .
since the app ' s launch , complaints have appeared on social media , many apparently from young people saying they had been targeted for abuse .
the most recent results we have suggest that , in 2014 , nearly a third of the research by welsh universities was of `` world - leading `` quality .
women who are pregnant or trying for a baby should not have any alcohol at all , the new guidelines state .
but if you added up all his votes from the past five elections , he still wouldn ' t have 70 percent , let alone enough votes for a victory speech .
it ' s something i hope is not with me for the rest of my career , but it definitely will be for the next year .
the government has rejected the opposition ' s call for a state of emergency to be lifted in the capital for the by - election .
some weapons systems have lead times so long there is no way of knowing who will be in charge when the time comes to hand them over .
yet the one thing we can always say for sure about the new is that we don ' t know what it will bring .
many investors have lost the stomach for the market after a wild ride since last summer , when shares crashed 40 percent .
but two facts do remain : many americans are upset over the larger question of losing jobs to cheap offshore labor .
how they ' re going to work that out i don ' t know , but i don ' t think it ' s a bad call and we certainly need to find a way to look after test cricket .
local officials , including the mayor , are scared they may soon have a migrant child ' s death on their hands .
people say it ' s good to get out of your comfort zone but i can ' t even remember what mine is .
they think he represents russia ' s influence in ukraine , though it ' s not clear exactly how they think this works .
but now i ' ve lost 5 stone i can fit into anything i want , it ' s so strange to have so much freedom that i often forget i can buy from certain stores .
' we ' d gone out for the morning and the fire service said it was probably 15 minutes after we left the house that the fire started .
its impact will be [ felt ] in the early hours of friday morning , mostly in northern ireland , scotland , north - west england and north - east england .
the club is attempting to head hunt a chief executive from south of the border , but it would not like to be caught out again , as it was when it offered a reduced package to the last man asked to do the job .
she said viewers struggled to separate her from her character , who arrived on the square as a soul singer with a band .
but we maintain that they are the uk ' s responsibility and that it is the uk who has to ensure their rights as refugees are secured and protected .
there has not been one moment in which the weight of this decision , and those who are affected by it , have not been present in the room .
there is also a yellow `` be aware `` warnings for parts of northern ireland , wales , the south west , south east and north east of england .
`` it was an emergency , urgent kind of situation and it would ' ve been nice to feel that they really had our back as all this was going on , '' he said .
every time we take him out there ' s always a crowd of people around him -- he ' s a great dog .
`` my goal is to have 30 - plus per cent by then , '' he said , referring to his internal market share goal by 2020 .
the 17 - year - old isn ' t eligible for death row because of his age , but he is charged as an adult and faces a maximum sentence of life in prison .
although the actress said she ' s not `` actively looking `` to date right now , she did admit that `` the next guy that comes along is going to have a lot of competition `` thanks to her son .
fed rises this year won ' t affect australian cash rates but may start to push up us and australian bond rates .
the new man has come in , like he did last time [ 2009 ] , he has picked everyone up and we have gone again .
second - hand smoke has been proven to be dangerous to people ' s health and i find it offensive .
they ' ve only seen each other a few times and it doesn ' t sound like it ' s very serious yet .
the government should also ensure people can access free and independent money advice to avoid getting into debt in the first place .
the ability to monitor the safety of new drugs , new procedures and new devices is a critical function for any health care system .
she put her arms around my neck , and on the way to her seat i talked to her about what fun she would have .
however , the company said that with programs to help patients pay for the drug , there should be no more than $ 10 in out of pocket costs .
he ' s been injured and missed a year and i think he feels duty - bound in some ways .
`` we have consistently made clear that we will not accept [ north korea ] as a nuclear state , '' he added .
there are alleged serious violations on all sides , and they need to be investigated , but not by the parties to the conflict .
a newly published report from the company suggests attacks are getting bigger and more sophisticated - with more and more businesses suffering .
he has found his scoring touch again , after playing only 27 games last season because of a foot injury .
he was expected to head straight to the airport after the final to return to london and his wife kim , who is due to give birth to their first child in the next two weeks .
the effects of the zika virus are still being investigated , but the couple are already focusing every effort they can on their baby ' s development .
brady has won 11 of the 16 previous meetings , but they ' re 2 - 2 in the playoffs , including denver ' s 26 - 16 win in the conference championship two years ago .
if we do get stopped before that , then it ' s going to be very difficult to play golf in the mid - to late afternoon .
what we want and ultimately want to see is a change in behaviour so that everyone shares and uses the road safely .
' i ' m aware there has been intense media speculation surrounding my future in the last 24 hours and i want to set the record straight .
`` i actually had one leg on the plane back home , but i won the first match with the match point down , '' she said .
she was just six years old when she had to hide in a tiny room in the house of a polish family .
i didn ' t think this was going to be the case : i miss the play of the game on the field now more than i did in my old job .
they said the talks would not lead to promised changes on key issues - such as reducing migration to the uk .
i can ' t remember any point in manchester united ' s history when the season has been finished in january .
nine was already under increased financial pressure after last year ' s successful billion - dollar , five - year deal for the nrl rights , which is believed to be losing about $ 30 million a year .
if you make it more expensive to get a degree then naturally that ' s going to favour people with more money .
after winning the award four straight times , he should know better than anyone else that his previous wins have come largely from his european performances .
`` it is my strong belief that for us to get our complete arms around the problem congress needs to act , '' the president said .
a spokesperson for leave . eu said , `` what this shows is that countries need the ability to act in their own interests .
and even when the democrats were in charge of the congress , we couldn ' t get the votes for that .
they would be the main victims of chinese pressure - especially if the elite could no longer travel to china .
a three - year - old girl has been rushed to hospital after being shot in the leg north of brisbane .
it was recently revealed facebook is working on building an ' artificial brain ' that it hopes to turn into a virtual personal assistant .
gray , the wealthy former ceo of a construction company , made history in 2010 when he was elected kentucky ' s first openly gay mayor .
`` i ' ve had worse situations where i had much less time to recover after long matches , so i ' m sure i ' ll be fine , '' he said .
we don ' t make people play ; it is their choice to , and these changes were made in october so there is nothing new about them now .
they had yet to confirm , they said , whether the names they had received were correct or , indeed , whether the suspects were real people .
a police spokeswoman could not confirm whether the 27 - year - old woman was the two children ' s mother .
and she had five service breaks - two in the first , and three in third set - against williams , who hadn ' t dropped a set in the previous six rounds .
now they don ' t sleep in the same exact spot every night , so it took a bit to catch them .
sanders spent all 10 of his nfl seasons with the detroit lions , emerging as one of the best tight ends of his era .
a previous dutch government collapsed in 2010 in a controversy over participation in military operations against the taliban in afghanistan , where 2 , 000 troops were active .
murray was broken again in his second service game and after just 19 minutes djokovic was leading 5 - 0 .
it will remain a decision for home secretary theresa may whether or not mr trump should be prevented from travelling to the uk .
the first version of the new system will be released to the public in march and would be further developed after the public started using it .
we don ' t need to have our referendum until the end of 2017 but we ' re actually seeing the european union responding to the issues put on the table by britain , and that ' s encouraging .
nato handed over control of security operations to their afghan counterparts in december 2014 , with the u . s . military ' s combat mission in afghanistan officially ending under president barack obama ' s watch .
he says she ' d lost her home , was living in her car , and refused offers of assistance over the storm .
as far as i can see , some people may be a bit delayed , but as a member of the public , i am not going to get too worked up about it .
jones , had recalled him to his squad and the 28 - year - old was expected to start his first international game since the summer of 2014 .
may 29 : a u . s . marine fires an anti - tank missile during a training exercise in hawaii .
the plan , under which the united states has provided colombia with almost $ 10 billion in mainly military aid , had plenty of critics .
it said : ' people came up to us to report that they had been attacked before we could even park the car .
the obama administration was wrong to let its most recent arms package for saudi arabia go through without such an effort .
it ' s a fire that ' s done damage , i believe it would have done significant more damage if we didn ' t take those tactics .
they definitely have some connection with the ability to get these items to a place which can sell them or get them on the market and turn them into cash .
the change would help with one of the biggest complaints about the iphone - that its battery is too small and should last for longer .
a man who made bomb threats to bristol airport in a series of text messages has been jailed for two - and - a - half years .
he added that the true scale of harm would only become clear in several months when hospital death rate figures are published .
some analysts predict that the energy sector could lose up to half its 400 , 000 jobs across the uk during the current crisis .
it came as the first strike by junior doctors in 40 years took place in a row over the terms of new contracts .
she had decided to go out a bit more , she had started going to the gym , she was very focused and always had something to do .
in fact , it opens the door to many , many questions readers have about money in cuba , which continues to be a hot destination .
we beat them last time but they will come into our home court fired up so we have to be ready .
`` it ' s not trying to get children ready for school , it ' s preparing them for life , '' she said .
what now appears to be the case is that there is a majority position on the board for much - needed significant reform .
you know obama ' s going to do an executive order and really knock the hell out of it , '' trump said .
when reporters spoke to people living at 66 of the red - door properties , it emerged that 62 were home to asylum seekers .
despite his innings making national headlines at the time , collins never played first class cricket , instead joining the army straight from school .
these proposals are designed to make our stores easier to shop in and be more effective in delivering the low prices , quality and good value which customers tell us they want .
health officials say the number of u . s . residents diagnosed with zika infections in the past year has grown to 31 .
smith was fired wednesday night after going 6 - 10 this season , 8 - 24 overall in two years running a team that has missed the playoffs eight consecutive years .
there have been occasions when leaders have come back , but what we all need to do now is back malcolm turnbull .
the outlook statement is fairly limited at this point but states that full year expectations remain in line with market consensus .
how can you do that without fully engaging one of the two european states that has the experience of being a world power , a permanent seat on the un security council and , like france , is still prepared to use hard power ?
it is great up here , not that i have been buying horses , they are bit expensive for me , but hopefully we can have a good day on saturday if the horses get here .
she at first refused to go the hospital and then bit an officer when she was finally placed in an ambulance .
his teams have dropped opening - round games in five consecutive seasons , another nfl record - no team has done it more than three teams .
`` if they had taken the time to do their job properly , none of this would have been happening , '' white said .
she said : `` the chief medical officer , with advice from a group of independent experts , has reviewed current drinking guidelines .
she jumped at the chance , and put in some 300 hours helping build new houses before they could move in .
the artist ' s wife , helen , said : `` john was moved to produce a body of work in celebration of those remarkable women .
the woman with the least dramatic story -- singing about sending her children off to college -- gets the most emotional response .
he ' s ready to really show himself in a way he hasn ' t necessarily been on display in a while .
i have the will to go back to brazil some day and i also would like to play in the usa , those two countries are two where i want to play later on my career .
i had faith in the system , and knew that being a patient as well as a doctor could often cloud judgment .
we thought maybe we ' d be able to provide hot drinks and somewhere for people to charge their phones , that sort of thing , but it soon became apparent that it was going to be much , much bigger than that .
that ' s partly because it ' s easier to handle the larger animals , to keep them alive and to measure their movements .
`` this isn ' t just vote on your way to work or on your way home at night , '' he said .
indeed , bbc radio 5 live chose it as their main phone - in debate today , creating the impression that it ' s a large - scale problem .
another 21 women who weren ' t pregnant and had never had any children also completed the three - hour set of tests .
and for them , managing their weight is the single most important thing they can do to reduce their risk of cancer .
norwegian is also building a ship specifically for the chinese market , a vessel big enough to carry 4 , 200 passengers .
it started because one day someone said , wouldn ' t it be nice if we spent more time together out of the office .
what people tend to do when they want to take a break is use a relative , who may not know much about running a b & b .
he was awarded for his role in running the conservative party ' s election campaign , which saw the party re - elected in march .
when we discovered what was happening , we immediately asked the police to investigate and reported the situation ourselves to social services .
we ' ve got some injuries , but we had a team out there tonight who should have still been strong enough .
perhaps we will look back in 2016 and acknowledge this was the moment when civil war in europe became a real possibility .
`` he decided for reasons that , thus far , are personal to him , that he didn ' t want to go to trial , '' he said .
what ' s the point of not one , not two , but three different building sets if not to engage children for hours and have them leave us in peace ?
`` it ' s only been two games , but to get my first head coaching win , it means a lot , '' he said .
twitter shares have fallen by more than 50 % in the last year and were down 54 cents , or 3 % , to $ 17 . 30 in early trading monday .
he has said it would then be up to the uk government to challenge welsh legislation in the supreme court if it wanted .
' we can confirm that we have received a report of a historic rape dating back to 2006 , ' a spokesman said last night .
after he began failing courses , he left college just short of earning a degree , and had difficulty maintaining a job .
the home secretary , theresa may , was due to make a commons statement on tuesday about how he fled the country .
government is working closely with industry to address this and we expect to make an announcement on further progress soon .
it made no sense for a bank across the state to give you a loan , because they didn ' t know you .
`` you ' re going to have to be able to service the loan at about 7 . 5 to 8 per cent , '' she says .
it ' s about power politics , it ' s about wealth , political power and financial power and what are these guys prepared to do to retain that power , '' lewis said on `` cbs this morning `` wednesday .
out of the $ 77 . 5 million clinton ' s campaign raised in the first six months of her campaign , $ 2 million -- or just less than 3 percent -- came from wall street .
i know where i was born and that ' s an important part of my history , and i think all immigrants are the same .
i didn ' t speak any foreign language , so i couldn ' t do anything in europe except maybe england and america .
`` it was my decision , my mistake , no one had a gun to my head and there was no influence of other people . '' he says .
to have that it ' s not just the members of the president ' s party edition and i am expecting that he ' s coming into our homes my house .
if someone gave me the chance now i ' ve recovered from my injuries i would have to think about it .
clinton did not directly respond to whether bill clinton ' s sexual history is fair game in this presidential election , given the former president is not on the ballot .
`` central to our plan to fix the public finances is the sale of government assets to help pay down the national debt and ensure economic security for working people , '' says the treasury .
without a strong house building programme from the government , this trend will continue well into 2016 , making home ownership harder to achieve for many .
with 15 weeks and 15 games to go in the premier league title race the question remains more or less the same .
we heard it on the news and we kept hoping it wasn ' t my brother , but they told us it was .
we don ' t make a decision on moving research centres around depending on if you are in the eu or not , '' he said .
up early , working long hours , delivering bread around to people and that , and made sure that this business was a true success for his son , alan .
the emails are the focus of an fbi probe that began six months ago , and could go on for months longer .
mr duncan smith revealed that , for the first time , the department of health had acknowledged that having a job improved a person ' s health and well - being .
the attacks come as cruz increasingly gains on trump , especially iowa , where cruz is now leading in a number of polls .
the government has announced the start of a full - length 12 - week season , but has imposed fresh restrictions on the daily bag limit amid concerns about low bird numbers and dry conditions .
i ' m obviously determined to be a strong public advocate and continue the momentum , to keep speaking out .
but i said costa got two of our players sent off in the last two games against chelsea and that ' s a fact , without accusing him of anything .
`` if parties are getting less than 40 per cent of the vote - that seems to be the trend from the last four elections - we have to recognise that , '' he added .
i ' ve got a place in thailand i go to with jane and i still go back to scotland but after about two weeks all i want to do is come back home .
`` i don ' t see followers as a real thing , it ' s just being popular on a page , '' he says from his mum ' s house .
so if rubio won a state , like his home state of florida that votes march 15 , he could have enough delegates to suddenly take the lead .
among democrats , the race is so close that a first - place finish by either hillary clinton or bernie sanders would not be a big surprise .
monday ' s decision offers a chance of freedom for as many as many as 2 , 500 prisoners in a similar position .
i have packed a water bottle , my sister suggested to bring something to make it easier to drink during labour .
iowa is the first state to vote in the primary election process , and can be an important moment for candidates to gain momentum as they try to secure their party ' s nomination .
two suspects were killed and three others detained after they fired on police and soldiers from a van , he added .
but it was only the latest example of how washington ' s chief product these days isn ' t laws , it ' s outrage .
the guys are proud of the catch , but you won ' t find them talking about the photograph publicly .
it ' s award season at the movies and at brisbane times , we continue to roll out the red carpet .
' he only said that he would keep me there a few years and that he would release me after that ' , she told police during her interview .
a spokesperson from the foreign and commonwealth office said : ' we have been providing support to the family of a british national who is in hospital in singapore .
i want to be the one making the decisions about what a scene looks like and how it ' s played - well , the actors decide that , but i ' m part of the conversation about how it plays .
if those regulations were to be changed the uk might be forced to accept refugees who have managed to enter the country from across the channel , regardless of where they first arrived in europe .
more than half of the migrants who arrived in europe last month were not refugees fleeing war , a senior brussels official admitted yesterday .
and sometimes you don ' t know you have touched a child until you hear from the grown - up years down the line .
he said the team ' s players and management had co - operated fully with the authorities in south africa .
north korea has yet to comment on the report , and the u . s . state department has said it could not confirm it .
the girl is being treated for head injuries but her condition and injuries of the others was not yet clear .
in its monthly jobs report friday , the labor department said the unemployment rate was 5 percent in december for a third straight month .
' i had to be a little careful not to try and apply my standards to how hard they worked , ' he said .
assad , a russian ally , has received military support from russia in its civil war against u . s .- backed rebels and the islamic state .
i think that ' s a result of a system of values that have been encouraged by this government , which is completely wrong - and it wasn ' t helped by the previous government either .
reid has become one of the top defensive players in the game in 2013 , one of the competition ' s leading key position players in forward pressure .
like when i reached 1 , 000 ( overall wins ) last year , it was a big deal for me .
the conservative minister posted a link to a news report of the case along with the comment it was a ' tragic case from which huge lessons must be learned ' on only the second day of the trial .
the white house says mr . obama ' s post - presidency plans do not , in fact , include becoming a supreme court justice .
many were more than happy to put themselves forward if things didn ' t work out with his on - screen date .
sen . bernie sanders , i - vermont , now has a significant lead over hillary clinton in new hampshire , which will hold the first - in - the - nation primary on feb .
since these things are happening again and again in our beautiful city and have increased in recent months , we want to and we must do something about it .
they said they had made the crossing from syria via turkey , and were heading for greece when they landed on the base by accident .
any information people give away about themselves to companies in return for a product or service should be 100 per cent secure .
we seem to make the same mistake over and over - shooting ourselves in the foot by setting near impossible goals .
it is a very serious responsibility playing any part in one ' s professional representative body , not least because of those that have been before .
clinton has repeatedly said that her tax plan would cover all of her spending proposals , which include investing in infrastructure , clean energy and medical research and making college more affordable , though she has not provided a lot of details .
even in an industry where , when you ' re working on a movie , there is not much else you can do , he was always there for me .
the news will be a shock for many men who have sex with men , who from april will face a new legal reality .
in addition , they will get access to single - game tickets before the public , priority access to season tickets in 2017 and ' 18 , and access to off - season team events .
it ' s remarkable to me that i ' m 50 years old , i ' ve been retired for 13 years and there are still three guys and the same coach who are all on that team .
the tool also reveals there are big differences between which disease men and women are likely to suffer , based on where they live .
my aim during my time here is to try and break through into the first team and help the club to be successful .
if they were , which they should be , they ' d have to register and report on exactly who ' s paying them and how much .
`` i ' m sure barry resigned because he wanted total control and he wasn ' t going to have that , '' williams said .
i feel that we can offer so much love to a child that they would never feel there was something missing from their lives , and we have plenty of male relatives and friends around .
' even if anyone says `` he ' s a big cat , he needs to do this `` like no , i ' m pretty sure he doesn ' t .
and for all the news coverage and attention , most voters are only now beginning to focus on their choices .
no one has the $ 500 million on hand to take it ( a vaccine ) all the way to human trials .
the number is likely to increase in the future , with the development of new technologies , and new ways things can go wrong .
after the environmental impact statement and the public comment period , which is over on january 15 , we can move forward .
image caption the metro says it was confirmed ms blake ' s partner fled to africa after police failed to arrest him .
the simple message is drive safely , plan your trip , and make sure you arrive safe and well with your family .
he said that , when he applied for his first job , he did not tell his father until he was offered the position .
the number of people sleeping rough on london ' s streets has gone up by more than 100 per cent in five years , according to new figures .
more than 5 , 800 people have been killed in yemen since march , about half of them civilians , according to the united nations .
in iowa , those candidates may simply be too far behind in the polls for a strong debate showing to make much difference .
it ' s a real version of the big society in action , and an example other local authorities would do well to follow .
this is not just about the politicians trying to make the argument for a different kind of relationship with china .
`` we ' re a week out in the election , and the clinton people will try to spin these things , '' sanders said .
however , both camps said the agreement was not final and that democratic national committee had yet to give its ok .
over the past four decades , the pay of american chief executives has risen 11 times as much as that of the typical american worker .
`` i don ' t know how long this can go on for , but its pretty good at the moment , '' he said .
`` to all victims , we are truly , deeply sorry for the harm done to you by former employees or former students of the school , '' the st . george ' s report said .
in a bid to save their relationship and discover the next step on their journey the pair are currently taking five weeks apart .
the local authority ' s education committee approved the change , which will increase from the current 30 - period week in august .
we rely on our good relationship with parents to ensure successful running of the school and would always encourage those with any concerns to contact or visit the school directly to resolve these .
for former new jersey gov . chris christie , voters were interested in his net worth and how much time he has left in office .
a yellow `` be aware `` warning is in place ahead of a band of heavy rain moving in from the west on wednesday evening .
the dutch government has warned the eu that time is running out to find a solution to europe ' s refugee crisis .
if anyone has any information about where he is or his movements since 16 december then please get in touch with us .
given the economic outlook , the committee decided to maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 1 / 4 to 1 / 2 percent .
it also told mps that 88 % of all the bbc ' s content watched by scottish audiences was of uk - wide television and radio .
it is thought around 200 people a second will buy a ticket in the hour before sales close at 7 . 30pm .
if a larger company has a new idea , to course - correct that ship is going to take some time .
the hope is that he will once again be able to open and close his mouth , and eat and talk normally .
it was a difficult decision because i had read about the side - effects of stopping treatment and that it could years before my skin would be normal .
last month , the metropolitan police said it had recorded hundreds of violent incidents including assault linked to the machines .
she said : `` i used to think ' god , if the whole world is going to be like this , what way out is there ?
the alcohol didn ' t cost much , it was obviously easy for the girls to get hold of and it didn ' t take long for them to get so drunk that they were in danger .
even if there was an alarm system , it would not work for us and we would have to run for our lives .
ms stewart said the museum would test the painting to decide how best to preserve it before putting it on public display .
the answer to that question tells you all you need to know about who is really on top of our constitutional tree .
one thing we need to change going into future seasons is being able to put teams to bed earlier and we haven ' t done that .
nhs england said the recent bad weather is likely to have contributed to a `` sharp rise `` in a & e visits .
they took the game to liverpool , pushing their players forward at every opportunity and were good value for their ninth - minute lead .
i worry quite a bit that government will over - rely on experts from industry because they don ' t have their own internal knowledge .
he ' s here for the result of a blood test which he asked for because he is concerned about memory problems , but the blood test rules out any obvious problems .
i wasn ' t sure that i could do it at first , because every time i saw one of the kids i would feel my heart break again .
it would have been better if we had scored earlier but we won the game and are in the next round .
the report cited previous research which found more than half of people living in `` under occupied `` homes were aged over 55 .
the commission statement said it supported member states ' efforts to increase the use of renewable energy , but not at the expense of giving an unfair advantage over competitors and consumers .
but at the end of the day what you have to know is that in sport anything [ can ] happen .
the narrow stretch of water is one of the key crossing points for the significant number of refugees and migrants from syria and other countries trying to reach the eu .
international artists have been asked to create new works as part of 14 - 18 now ' s 2016 programme .
`` we know that we can ' t stop every act of violence , '' obama said in his weekly radio address .
`` just wait , they will tell you later that plane trees are the number one threat , because terrorists can hide behind them ! '' one person writes on facebook .
only 13 per cent of women feel body positive , with the most likely age for that state to be reached between ages 35 and 54 .
it is one of the first areas seen to suffer damage in memory - loss conditions such as alzheimer ' s .
in this period there has also been an increase in severe heat waves , most notably in 2003 , 2010 and 2015 .
i do have a very different relationship to the songs when we finish a record because we ' ve been working on them and been inside them so much .
he told cbs boston that the car continued down the highway and the driver may not have been aware of what had occurred .
he spent years holding similar events around his state before running for president , producing the kind of youtube - ready moments that made him a rising star in the republican party .
( it ' s ) definitely a good thing people are talking ... you know , we want equality , we always want equality .
sometimes we have an afternoon meeting as well ... i help the prime minister to think through what should be on the cabinet agenda .
young scientists develop a project that allows them to jump through time but soon learn that even an hour can prove deadly .
there are many reasons this could happen and if they do that they do a recall and don ' t let that go out to the public .
then he had you in his pocket , so to speak , but after that , he would move on to the next .
last week , the index estimated that across the uk , prices are set to rise by 4 . 5 per cent a year for the next five years .
`` they know that , they ' ve invested in a fitness trainer and made that a priority , '' said the fed cup coach .
we all have a `` dark `` sexual side that ' s turned on by things we don ' t necessarily want to do with the person we ' re planning to share our life with .
scottish - born cook , who almost took the north melbourne job in 2012 , is widely considered the no . 1 club chief executive in the afl , starting his career as the boss of the west coast eagles in 1990 .
this can lead to employees constantly thinking about work as they feel a need to regularly check - up on their mail .
the notion of self - talk , what she is going to say to herself throughout the challenge , will be important .
there is a growing view that the bank will hold off until at least late this year to start raising interest rates from the record low of 0 . 5 % , where they have been since the financial crisis in 2009 .
these were days before 24 - hour radio , he recalled , and before you could record an album at home .
`` i think people know we have to further the progress that has been made under president obama , '' clinton said .
as iowa citizens vote tomorrow in the first ballot to determine the republican candidate for the white house , many are asking : who really is donald trump ?
it just takes time so still another week or two from now we are still going to be talking about that threat for major flooding in that region and the other thing i have to point out , it is very cold this morning .
we had a few problems in the first half , but they didn ' t have too many opportunities and we were better in the second .
if you know where they are and you ' re visiting you know you might be affected more in that area than another .
kenya , one of the most high - profile countries in distance running , is also at the centre of doping - related allegations .
to be honest , i was really just taking it one match at a time and even more simply a point at a time .
it never gets easier - believe me on that - but the hard work makes me feel as though i ' ll get a result .
she has fans , and not just women who want a woman president , or who generally support women candidates , or voters who see her as the best shot to keep a democrat in the white house .
' it was one of those things - it was serious but if it was something that really affected me i wouldn ' t go out .
here ' s a guide that describes what it ' s like to sign up , order , receive , prepare - and yes , eat - your dinner from a box .
this affects 7 . 3 % of the population at some point in their life and 3 . 9 % in the past 12 months .
the man from york must contact the police to tell them of any woman he plans to have a relationship or one - night stand with .
and in many of the cases , it ' s difficult or impossible to get a new trial given how much the system is meant to protect itself .
the continued success of star wars means it has now become the biggest movie to date in the us and canada .
russia ' s budget , set at 50 dollar - per - barrel prices , is broken when prices are barely above 30 dollars .
they are caught up in something which they never , from what i ' ve seen , understood , and i think that they are paying a big price for other people ' s decisions .
the group has been slow to part with its money , and one person familiar with the figures estimated it had spent only a third of the cash it raised .
other republican candidates , from texas sen . ted cruz to new jersey gov . chris christie , were largely quiet on twitter as obama made his case to the public .
the 44 - year - old man had been walking along a road when a vehicle hit a frozen area and struck him .
it can be particularly dangerous for pregnant women , the elderly , children and anyone with a weak immune system due to a chronic condition .
but for many of us , travelling by public transport in 2016 could be very different , both good and bad .
with the people in the media , a lot of the guys and girls that report now or talk to me actually know my personality .
i myself went to scotland for a year to get experience , but i think it ' s really unfair that what year you went to university is going affect whether or not you can apply for a job .
`` all these politicians are people who everybody thinks are just double - talk and they won ' t say what they mean , '' he said .
i mean , i never thought i was going to go out and lose in the first round , but at the same time i never thought before , i ' m going to make it to the final , or anything .
`` we ' re not actively seeking anything but you have to keep your eye out and just see what is out there , '' he said .
as expected the video has received a number of comments in addition to the millions of view it has received since first appearing online .
but a well - placed government source said after three weeks of negotiations in the run - up to christmas , the talks were effectively over .
she quickly falls to the ground just inches away from the wheel of a black car which is moving in front of her .
she said that after polling more than 16 , 000 votes last may , the party believed it could win three assembly seats .
new members ' voting status will last 10 years , and will be renewed if that new member has been active in the business .
it took two hours every morning for his mother to get him up and help him with his basic needs , she said .
other areas you might not see such significant salary increases but still have a high demand are the not - for - profit , health ... and the education sectors .
these are the guys paying huge amounts of money , who are driving what ' s going on in south africa .
it also reveals a failure to recognise that there are others who have come up in the ranks and will continue to so do .
i wasn ' t eating - one nurse would come up with a hot chocolate and a cake every morning , and i could manage to eat this sweet thing .
unfortunately i think that needs to be reviewed again , because some of those roads that were actually in fact risen , maybe by as much a metre at that time , are actually under water again .
it is clear that if we ask one of our male guests to stop pulling on a girl , so they must be able to understand what we mean .
a lot of my colleagues gave me a hard time in the beginning but i fought for my job and i earned my space .
with the type of people this government said it wanted to encourage because they will be the engine for [ economic ] growth , many of them are most at risk .
uber allows prices to surge in times of high demand , which they say helps draw more drivers onto the road .
the freedom of information commission claims to be looking at whether the act is `` working effectively `` and whether there needs to be a `` safe space `` for communications between officials .
i have a problem getting jack , to eat so when he says he wants something , i let him have it because of the way he is with food .
on arrival at manchester airport he was arrested by counter - terrorism police , had his passport seized and was questioned for 10 hours , he said .
the judge ' s order does not impact or reverse the findings made by the university in this student conduct case .
but those close to corbyn claim the party ' s membership continuing to rise across all sectors of society since he became leader .
but every time we visit , we come to the match - making corner to collect information of a few women for our son to contact .
so maybe next time we can see a chinese - owned movie in a chinese - owned theatre without leaving the united states .
the experience left a bad taste : `` i learned a lot about preparation , not holding things up , but for some of the kids it was tough .
the post has now had more than 13 , 000 shares on facebook and has attracted comments from many people moved by the story .
but unions , where they exist , tend to represent workers in successful industries , which naturally welcome access to wider markets .
the profile would include a list of `` services `` the women would perform , despite the fact few spoke any english and could not agree to what was written about her .
the labour leader emerged from his office this afternoon to find journalists waiting outside in the hope of hearing who could be in or out of labour ' s front bench team .
the five costa book award winners each win £ 5 , 000 and are all now in the running to win the costa book of the year .
about half of all union members are now in the public sector , which has a membership rate of 36 percent .
it ' ll be tough for us to go up against him next season , but he wants to fight for the stand - off position at edinburgh and we wish him all the best when he leaves .
`` the press have gone out and knocked on a lot of doors to try and create a story , '' he said .
and certainly if we fight the election in 2020 as we are now then my fear would be that we would face a very disappointing result .
but i ' m still really excited by what ' s ahead for us short - term and also long - term .
but when the board have such confidence in you the pressure is much higher than if they say it is your last game .
they feel they are doing something wrong , and i think that ' s sad for them because they have paid a lot of money for that experience .
a breach of copyright claim against the welsh government over photographs used of dylan thomas in a tourism drive has been thrown out by a court in ireland .
on new year ' s eve , the day the messages became public , labour ' s leader suspended him from the party while its national executive committee carries out an `` independent `` investigation into his behaviour .
`` for young families it ' s a way for children to experience nature , a safe place where they can play while still having everything the city has to offer , '' she says .
i ' d just rather be at home because i think it ' s unfair i ' ve been sent away and none of my sisters has .
there are plenty of saturday races in sydney for her but there won ' t be many chances to run for $ 2 million .
`` just because our characters are having a tough time , it doesn ' t make it any less appealing , '' she says .
he said : `` i ' m sure they will review the case , i ' m sure that is the right thing that should happen .
after all , it ' s more likely than not that the next government will be a coalition one , and it will perform less well if it has no money .
in addition , career - driven people who work long hours accepted they could not have everything they would like in their personal lives .
the most detailed rate hike guidance recently in one of those statements came in october , when the fed indicated it could raise the rate in december if the economy had made enough progress on jobs and inflation .
indeed , all the parties find themselves at the end of the year still in much the same position as they were in the general election .
one hundred per cent he should have stopped - that ' s why i was so upset because he has a duty of care as a doctor , even though he is retired .
it also features a clip of the 7 / 7 london terror attacks , which left 52 dead and more than 700 people injured .
i also learn in that one image that no matter how little you have , you can choose to be content .
this is why clinton ' s best political friends are trump and obama : for both , in different ways , can drive minority voters to the polls - and towards a democrat ticket - much more effectively than she can .
`` it has long been obvious that the existing child poverty targets are not going to be met , '' the commission said at the time .
as in so many areas of life , in medicine anything that sounds too good to be true usually is .
she was eventually given a clean bill of health , but it ' changed my perspective on life ' , she says .
murray has said he would be willing to throw it all away and jet back home should his wife kim show signs of going into labour early .
officials say students should be prepared to provide their social security and driver ' s license numbers , parents ' social security numbers and birth dates , 2015 income tax returns or estimates , w - 2 forms and bank statements .
what was so great we ended up meeting on didn ' t and became really great friends through that whole process and then it turned into something else which was amazing , so things are going really well .
he ' s fighting for the first time since 2013 , looking to work his way back into the title picture .
one example they highlight is among first - time home buyers as their life transition will occur much earlier - meaning any shift in environmental thinking is more likely to have long - lasting effects .
from thousands of south korean brands , she picked out about 50 , and then visited their companies to look closely at their research and development process .
he ' s been playing regularly . it ' s part of getting a strong group together , it ' s competition , it ' s about the performance of the team .
they tried to beat them off , but they were overcome and one of them was grabbed by the head .
i don ' t see how he can ' t [ come back ] , but we all know if someone gets a chance and it goes well then it makes it hard for him .
in the short term , it would be great to see wales also being able to play against clubs from england .
i don ' t mean to keep going on about actors , but they ' re the most important ones , ok ?
i ' ve had so much support here in australia and it ' s a great way to show my thanks to them .
we had had enough of suffering , we wanted to go to greece , and my aim was to go to belgium to find work and a new life , but the boat couldn ' t handle this trip , so we landed here by mistake .
however the 33 - year - old revealed that the abandoned buildings still make her nervous for a variety of reasons .
if his successor is a democrat , they will remain in place - even if congress remains under republican control , as expected .
i was afraid my legs wouldn ' t get going because of the traveling and lack of sleep the last few days .
in particular , google uk would have paid a huge bill to other google businesses for the rights to use the brand and software technology that has for years been developed in california .
some of the lucky ones might choose not to take the train from grand central , but to settle in manhattan .
i don ' t know how a father could get up and face the world like he has after what ' s happened to his boy .
she knew what was going to happen , but we didn ' t know and she certainly didn ' t tell us .
the people who proposed this law have short memories - or even worse , they don ' t care what such language really means , '' he says .
but for the way i grew up , in the valley with my mother ' s record collection -- the eagles songs , i know them all by heart .
`` i haven ' t seen him in so many years i can ' t make a big drama about it ... but i feel an era has ended , it ' s so very sad . '' she said on the program .
even after the episode last night , chris had his bat and went around half the venue for kids to hold it and feel part of our franchise .
in fact , the entire hour lead up to this there was no conversation about any of the four people on this debate stage , and that is the chronic situation .
with the expanded global tv network , netflix expects to add a record 6 million members in its current first quarter of 2016 .
and if none of the three conservative radio hosts met with trump ' s approval , he had another idea .
he did not say how much tax english regions should be able to charge , but added : `` we have a tax - raising power in scotland but not in english regions .
at least five people have died from the snow so far and more than 100 have been injured in japan .
`` and i always told her i don ' t want her to compete if she ' s not ready , '' he said .
the 29 - year - old will star in `` oil city , '' a film about a high school football team in a pennsylvania steel town .
the clinton / blair era of safe , `` centre ground `` politics appears to be over on both sides of the atlantic .
i ' m old enough to remember a time when most people believed that what happened to our economy was always of our own making .
the 20 - page document , filed under his legal name david robert jones , said the estate was worth about $ 100 million , but didn ' t break down the finances .
`` perhaps i won ' t book so many meetings on that day , or won ' t travel so much , '' she said .
we think prices could fall as low as $ 10 a barrel before most of the money managers in the market conceded that matters had gone too far .
the pair were due to meet on monday , when the state cabinet would hold its first meeting of 2016 .
it paid for a ' legal research assistant ' to work in her office for six months in each of the years while she was shadow attorney general .
with all the losses we ' ve had in canberra , you can get down so we want to bring back some wins .
at the same time , the share of americans who say clinton is not a religious person now stands at 43 percent , which is sharply higher than it was in the summer of 2007 , when she was seeking the presidential nomination for the first time .
a new apartment block in poland has been named europe ' s best development , even though it will not be completely built for several months .
only its longest - serving members and those who have previously been nominated for an oscar will still be able to vote .
i know i can beat the champions at my weight - the british and the commonwealth - but that is not how the business works and i ' m waiting for my chance .
after david bowie died on sunday following an 18 - month battle with cancer , celebrities from around the world took to social media to share their memories of the music legend .
france remains under a state of emergency since militants killed 130 people in a series of bombings and shootings in paris in november .
he said in the call that he had noticed her missing 15 to 20 minutes , and had been searching for her .
and although i think i am as good of a president as i have ever been right now , i also think that there comes a point where you don ' t have fresh legs .
i know my anxiety is not going to go away ... i just have lots of ways now to calm me down .
and let ' s pay a whole lot more attention to who we are and how do we protect our people here in the united states .
i think it ' s kind of like a turning point and we need to get involved so we get the right person in there .
but i think once you put those things aside and focus on the things you truly want i think that ' s when your focus leads you to the right direction .
`` they know how much their land is worth , '' she adds , and those who lose it are `` left with very few opportunities afterwards .
while it has declined slightly since then , 59 percent of people still said in a may survey that they approved of the former president .
though he was on the road most of the year for 40 years , playing to packed houses , he seemed to be always broke .
from championship teams to premier league clubs and the fa itself , we have a lot of support from the professional game .
... which , by the way , seemed to be what sunday night ' s ceremony was most concerned about .
the pair met at a dinner party in 1990 and for bowie it was love at first sight reported e online .
they work with law enforcement agencies in the 28 member states and in other non - eu partner nations to combat serious crime .
in iowa , where he has been virtually tied with cruz , some polls suggest trump has pulled slightly ahead in recent days , although others show cruz leading .
if people don ' t buy [ a ] newspaper we won ' t have the revenue to do that kind of work .
when i travel and do my regular job i can just look in someone ' s eyes and i can just tell , you can just see it .
i lost count of the number of times i was told by elderly voters , now planning to vote for the snp for the first time , how disappointed they were by labour in government under tony blair and gordon brown .
facebook is clearly trying to do the right thing by its users , and , along with everyone else , is trying to figure out how best to manage the explosion of content and access and spread of information on the internet .
he was hurt playing for glasgow earlier this month and it was feared he would miss the tournament ' s early rounds .
not only can he not get along with people or think clearly on anything , he also went totally over to the dark side during the bush administration .
`` tim ' s probably one of the most unique guys on the team , '' alabama tight end o . j . howard said .
i have a request from the syrian people that i would ask mothers here in the uk to share with their daughters - please do not travel to syria .
this phase is estimated to be complete by summer 2017 , with work starting on the building by the end of that year .
because they pay for workers ' health care plans , at least at many companies in the u . s . , they get data on costs and spending , which can indicate a workforce ' s health .
more than 400 tickets a second are expected to be sold in the last hour before sales close at 7 . 30pm .
the times says the tech giant is negotiating a settlement with france worth three times that amount despite doing far more business in britain .
it ' s already a pretty sad state of affairs when i feel like i have to mention my boyfriend when ' no ' should be enough .
an estimated 2 . 6 million adults in the uk use e - cigarettes - often in an attempt to cut down on tobacco smoking .
i warned the players at half - time that we had to keep the level otherwise they would find a way back in , so i don ' t know why we didn ' t manage to keep that up .
for the developers of the town , the idea is to attract college students and families by creating excellent schools and a safe environment .
one thing i ' ve done very well is fight for every single point , not given away games and stuff .
there is no practical limit to how much interest rates can increase , but they can fall only so far .
they said : ' the initial suggestion from germany is 20 hours times the minimum wage , which is about £ 7 , 000 .
that worked for sir alex ferguson , after all , though things have moved on since 1990 , winning the fa cup is not going to make up for missing out on the champions league .
my mum had been ill for four years , so her death wasn ' t entirely unexpected , but my reaction to it was .
their two - year - old child was also in the car at the time of the crash and was treated for minor injuries .
it found that women faced a higher risk of dying in hospital , subsequent heart attacks , heart failure , and stroke .
some ministers had raised concerns that a delay to holding a cabinet meeting would give mr cameron the opportunity to set out his case for the deal without being challenged .
`` this conduct has no place in our organization and this incident does not represent who we are as a team , '' the statement read .
it ' s going to be hard training full time , the international football school has been great and given me the opportunity to kick a football every day .
this was the day my wife sarah and jack were coming home from hospital , yet i could barely put one foot in front of the other without wanting to lie back down again .
`` many in indonesia have claimed they supported isis but so far , thank god , no big problems have occurred , '' he said .
since the drug hit the market in february , the company had reported u . s . sales of only about $ 5 . 5 million through sept .
earlier in the week , police said they believed the inmates had stolen a white van and were heading north .
and they ' d managed to get a chef who would start after the tour de france in 2011 , so i would do the job from january just until the end of the tour , when he ' d take over .
i put mine on when i have a chance to watch late - night comedy or the news before going to sleep .
i know that i ' ve beaten her once , so i can do it , but i will have to play my best .
but if the expected rise doesn ' t come and rates stay as they are , that would equally be a cause for concern for the treasury .
and i think what we ' re finding is that it ' s more complicated than we think : every time you find an answer , you have 10 new questions .
and if arsenal had hoped that they could fight chelsea blow for blow , man for man , then it was their manager who took away the chance .
`` it ' s time to stand on our own two feet , on paper and in practice , '' mr andrews said .
i ' m still a student of the game , so there is always going to be a learning process that i enjoy .
it really was the inspiration to say i understood what my grandmother meant and it was time to get moving and change things .
boris johnson has said the uk has a `` great , great future `` outside the eu if it doesn ' t secure the reform it needs .
if i ' m called to look after a teenager or young person who is drunk , i call their parents straight away .
there have been a couple of communities that have asked us not to bring food because they ' re afraid they will be targeted by people with guns .
as of early sunday morning , more than 74 , 000 customers were without power as a result of the storm , most in north carolina .
i just feel like i ' m really confident in my game right now , not against her or against any other opponent .
a flat dubbed the `` least expensive flat in london `` in december has now sold for less than £ 100 , 000 .
three quarters of children say they have access to the internet in their room , up from under two - thirds a year ago .
it ' s about bringing people in , building a team , being a good manager and that ' s what he ' s developing .
sanders and trump can win iowa , but to do so , they ' ll have to turn out large numbers of first - time voters .
and in this business , the true test is if you can continue -- and i learned that from her .
this is one of only two shops i buy my tickets , and i remember coming in here the day , or the day before [ the draw ] , because i had to buy something else .
researchers said there has been a substantial rise in the super - wealthy buying up property in the capital in recent years - despite the fact some of these homes may remain empty for months .
you know what you ' re going to get day in and day out , game in game out , so it just makes it easier to do your job for sure .
a fashion label has set out to show that fashion is for every generation with its new campaign starring a 60 - year - old grandmother - of - two .
the boss ' s son scored for a second week in a row and set up two more in what proved to be a comfortable win .
' and then there ' s the reality that there are neighborhoods around the country where it is easier for a 12 or a 13 - year - old to purchase a gun and cheaper than it is for them to get a book , ' he said .
last year , some friends moved into the new three - bedroom home they had built on semi - rural block of land in northern nsw .
if all or most of your savings are in a traditional final salary pension fund , where your income is guaranteed in retirement , you are unlikely to be affected .
`` i heard it was destroyed yesterday , '' a local delivery worker , who asked not to be named , told the guardian .
like , one man could do that , but it would be so much better if there were two , ' she says with a laugh .
`` there ' s not only the risk to the individual ( smoking ) but also others around them , '' he said .
but many - 11 per cent - worry they are too old to change direction , according to the study by investment and savings specialist standard life .
they said that among the 10 arrested in belgium with links to the paris attacks were some suspected of playing a leading role in the conspiracy .
there are so many fantastic restaurants out there , both old and new , which are just waiting to be discovered .
when you get to the final you ' re disappointed if you don ' t win but i ' ve played very good tennis here .
a driver that police say was affected by drugs is alleged to have deliberately driven at a police car in which an officer was operating a speed camera on sunday afternoon .
they have all been missing for a considerable period of time now , and i am growing increasingly concerned for their welfare .
these common sense measures will be a welcome relief to those trying to get from a to b on put local roads .
' i haven ' t seen them since i came to the uk , but i ' m hoping to see them in maybe two years time .
she told me what she wanted to lose -- and it was all the signs of her previous life , the life before she took as good care of herself as she is now .
the game produced more than 1 , 100 yards of total offense , but it was a fourth - down stop by texas that set up the winning drive .
she hasn ' t gone back to the academy because she was burned and injured from the event , the news station reported .
he was the first serious health professional i ' d met who was prepared to help people safely and effectively lose weight quickly .
i try not to drink at the start of the week to balance things out but my busy london life means i ' ll be out again by wednesday or thursday at a work event , dinner with friends or a last minute pub session .
but this isn ' t just about cars , it ' s about how cars fit into everything else , and that ' s more interesting .
it was strange coming back to the hospital to see them , but i feel so close to those who looked after me .
when a musical he wrote was performed at the prison , music brought him something else -- a leading lady .
`` he said , you know , you don ' t get to pick the issues you work on as president , '' clinton said of obama .
the fed ' s december rate hike had raised expectations of several more increases this year , with the first as early as march .
my husband and i were threatened just leaving our home to take our son to hospital for treatment he badly needed .
the project will be expanded in coming months and will eventually be used as public transport along a 4 - mile route in the town , she said .
for someone who hadn ' t played since september , they could be valuable minutes ahead of the australian open .
the room that was meant to be her room i have painted pink , and there is a big picture of her on the wall .
`` it ' s not the storm of the century , '' she said , `` but it looks like a good storm .
u . s . secretary of state john kerry urged china , the north ' s only major ally and its biggest aid provider , to end `` business as usual `` with north korea after the test .
there may be no second acts in american life , but there are third acts in the lives of actor - activists .
but this is going to come down to the middle and the middle when you look at it over and over again , people don ' t like you going after a woman because of her husband .
it took an army - funded creative writing course in 2013 to help him make peace with addressing what had happened to him in afghanistan .
the only time the world no 2 lost his serve was in a loose opening game , when he was broken to love .
sanders , meanwhile , has been expanding his lead over clinton in new hampshire , which will hold the first - in - the - nation primary on feb .
but it can also be worse , in which case the patient would have absolutely no understanding of what ' s been said to them as well as not being able to express anything .
what we want to know now is what he exactly said , so we are going to have to interview the other passengers .
but i ' m 19 , i ' ve still got a lot to learn and i can ' t think of a better place to do that .
with the fiscal strategy for this parliament set and the economic recovery well - established , now is the right time to stand aside and for someone else to guide the treasury through the challenges ahead .
my brother was planning a birthday party for his six - year old son and we thought it would be fun to turn up and surprise them .
he plans on hanging out at the airport for three days , and then he ' ll drive the hour up to park city , where the festival takes place .
one theory was that every time a sign was put up it was stolen so that its metal could be turned into car parts .
i ' m very lucky that my staff have worked extra and really helped cover me when i needed to take some proper time off .
the teenagers were later said to be ' well ' but the school sent a letter home to parents warning them to seek medical advice if their sons started to feel ill .
and what she ' s living right now isn ' t her everyday life , at least as she knew it up until a month or so ago .
he is scheduled to be sentenced in march and faces a minimum penalty of 10 years and maximum penalty of life in prison .
they were hiding behind their mum , i thought it was odd but i just let it go at the time .
we ' ve had a chance to stay in london and we ' re looking forward to the start of the shows tomorrow night .
`` at the same time that the united states is seeking to lower tensions in the region in pursuit of an effort against [ the islamic state of iraq and syria ] and a political process in syria , this raises tension , '' he said .
the 35 - year - old central defender , the most successful captain in chelsea ' s history , was informed about the decision before last week ' s 1 - 0 league win over arsenal .
the california technology giant said it expects to see its first decline in iphone sales in the current quarter on a year - on - year basis .
i saw a red van from my office window , which is the same make and model that i use for work so it caught my eye .
we ' re still expecting around 75 - 80 per cent pre - purchased before the game , and we ' re thinking somewhere around a similar amount .
for the record , this would be the same movie filmed over nine months in 12 locations in canada , the u . s . and argentina .
iowa , you say a lot , being here tonight , supporting the right man who will allow you to make america great again .
i wasn ' t too concerned and told myself that travelling was just throwing my cycle off and to not worry about it .
in some cases , three - quarters of the total bill for `` public information campaigns `` has gone towards the creative process .
most adults with mental health problems started as teenagers , so if you get in early you can improve outcomes .
she told us she didn ' t know who was responsible for the barrel bomb , dropped from a plane that destroyed her house .
she maintained that he ' d gone to do humanitarian work , and said he had helped in a hospital .
the only thing that would force them to change that would be if these people posed a life - and - death threat to someone .
march 3 - according to south korean defense ministry , north korea fires two short - range missiles off its eastern coast .
he said she had lost her job last november but had been hopeful of getting a permanent position with another firm .
`` it ' s not a fault of the recommendations , that ' s the just the ( mediterranean ) pattern , '' blake said .
david bowie ' s half - century career will be defined , as it well should be , by his music output .
he needed that win last time and he knows now that [ he ] is not going to hurt himself and is really racing well .
the spending watchdog raised concerns about the department ' s ability to decide how to end funding after a crisis .
i have been given the green light to play 90 minutes by the medical staff , but whether i do is entirely in the coach ' s hands .
i will explain that doctors are working at the very limit of what is possible and that a move to stretch them further is dangerous .
for instance , it found that trump ' s plan to cut taxes would increase economic growth by 11 % , raise wages by 6 . 5 % and add 5 . 3 million jobs .
researchers at the university of oxford found that one in ten deaths in women during pregnancy or up to a year after the birth of their child is due to suicide .
and you don ' t laugh at her ; i think they ' ll be a lot of understanding and genuine love for her .
' i don ' t want to get a pilot license after five or 10 hours of flying , i want to do it right away .
the massive growth has made china the country ' s most valuable tourist market , worth an incredible $ 7 . 7 billion a year , and the second largest source of visitors after new zealand .
' and obviously i thought it ' s very private news , you know but because we are living as one family now and everybody is sort of supporting one another now .
the company was planning a remote control centre that would take over the vehicle in the event of a problem and ensure it landed safely .
we played these guys last year [ a 43 - 21 loss at new england ] and that ' s what happened .
the winners will meet in a three - on - three game for the championship and a $ 1 - million prize pot .
the children , who were between one and five years old , were unable to tell police their names , or who their parents were .
according to the documents , when one of the officers attempted to open the front passenger door , the vehicle backed up quickly , almost striking two other officers .
the shooting is the latest in a string of officer - involved shootings that have left the city on edge and sparked protests nationwide .
in early december , after conversations with her family , boyfriend - and herself - she decided to start her channel again , with the same followers but new photos .
or look how three years ago you posted about your favorite coffee shop , and now just today you did almost the exact same thing .
if you really love him , if you really want to build a future with him , go the extra mile and include his children .
she won a lot last year , but i think she was far from her best and i think she ' s closer this year , considering this is the start of the year .
`` me and my wife has of course been on edge as most families are around the holidays , it ' s tough , '' he said .
a lot of women don ' t feel comfortable with that process [ and ] don ' t get measured so they don ' t know their true size .
its fourth - quarter profit declined 38 percent from a year ago , and shares fell in after - hours trading .
these are the stories , surely , that pull us close to our families and somehow make us try to be better .
`` because of the state of the country , and i want the next four years to be different and i believe him , '' she said .
he also faces a possible fine and / or suspension , which is expected to be announced well before his return .
this is why it ' s important that the local authority works closely with parents and potential schools to resolve the situation as fast as possible and make sure the children are prepared carefully for the transition .
at the moment this is just a trial project , but the company says it hopes to offer it to all customers .
opec , a group of some of the largest oil producing nations , typically cuts production to keep global oil prices high .
with pre - orders about to begin , surely it ' s time to find out how much it will cost .
it continues : `` i hope the hong kong police will not continue to waste police resources on my case , and there ' s no need to continue investigating .
`` she really is somebody who knows what ' s happening and she ' s a special person , '' trump had said .
at the time of writing , it isn ' t clear exactly where they came from , or what they are .
the father - of - three said : ' we are all really happy and full of relief that the doors are not going to be red any more .
we ' ve tried to talk to representatives of is to make sure they know this but we haven ' t been successful , ' he said .
he said mr wood had received the best possible medical care from highly trained doctors at the base , supported by an `` enormous `` network of medical advice .
the worst part of these jobs is that you know it ' s likely the patient will die when you start , but you still do everything you can .
i speak to a lot of people , in real life as well , and if we ' re getting on it means they ' re older - they can be like 20 or something .
they ' ve worked me long enough to know that if i put my mind to something i can go above and beyond .
there ' s a lot of drugs in between then and when i ' m trying to think about it .
a police source said initial elements of the investigation did not point to terrorism , and that the man had said he was carrying the guns because he feared for his safety .
the rescue is the second time in two days people have been injured at the popular tourist destination in the royal national park , with five people injured in similar circumstances on saturday .
russia has named the u . s . as one of the threats to its national security in a new assessment signed by president vladimir putin on thursday , according to a published report .
when asked if she took inspiration from her fashion house rivals , she said in 2010 : `` if i look to any company as a model , it ' s apple .
if all this wasn ' t good enough , there is even the option to charge electronic devices on the go .
scientists say it didn ' t survive the collision , except for some pieces that got mixed in with the earth and moon .
today ' s letter comes a week after prime minister david cameron endorsed the right of schools - and other public bodies - to ask people to show their face where necessary .
' just because i was in a film where the studio was based in los angeles , don ' t call me a hollywood actor .
we were not allowed into most of the buildings and saw no more than a dozen men and one woman inside .
he said : `` i was never someone to go to the gym , even though i ' ve always been active , but now i go to the gym twice a week and do lots of walking .
in her statement the victim admitted the attack had caused her to move house and find a new job as well as end her relationship with her boyfriend .
a source said : `` they threatened one soldier on the door with arrest if he didn ' t answer questions .
it was too dangerous ; he felt it was better that he keep a low profile and stay at home as much as he could .
he added : ' during the course of the afternoon the group in oxford street , who were acting together , invited support for isis through engaging with members of the public who were passing .
he may have a few other things to do , but i tell you that ' s a great idea .
`` in early january , i announced i would stand as chairman of the fa for a further year , although i wasn ' t certain this was the right decision for either the fa or me , '' he said in a statement .
with the us labour market close to so - called full employment , it means the us federal reserve will want to keep lifting rates in staged way , with benefits for australia , they say .
his next appointment is on the 18th and hopefully we get some really good news from him , and that he can start training .
`` we look forward to continuing our work with these important organisations , and using twitter to bring more transparency to public dialogue , '' the statement said .
she had a chance to serve for the match at 5 - 3 in the third but couldn ' t hold .
the issue is that there is so much going on under the water , the officials just can ' t see .
yet in the areas where we ' ve set up youth - related crime has gone down by a minimum of 50 per cent .
however , women ' s rights campaigners criticised the recommendations , saying women in the region often had little choice about becoming pregnant .
he was thrown into the fire , thrown into a situation that he didn ' t expect to get thrown into and it was just something that we really wanted to ban together and fight for .
kelly said she had to learn how to rise above negative comments online but it left her not knowing who to trust .
`` i let them go in an area where they ' re not going to concern anybody , '' he said .
if i ' m ever a guest i always want to feel as though i ' m meeting the person - even if it ' s just talking over the system .
they have seen it and these players , when they go on court , they know she ' s a threat .
but when christopher was admitted to hospital at the weekend we were advised that we might want to bring it forward .
there is no current threat to public safety associated with this arrest , said the spokeswoman for the u . s . attorney ' s office .
there were 29 , 500 dead from britain and ireland , 12 , 000 from france , 11 , 000 from australia and new zealand and 1 , 500 from india .
this is a wonderful honour and we are delighted that his name will forever be linked to series played between the two teams .
in october , 81 % of patients diagnosed with cancer began treatment within 62 days , well below the 95 % target and down from 85 . 6 % in september .
texas a & m ' s streak is its longest since the team won 13 in a row from nov .
he said the expectations of the role had ' expanded ' since he took on the £ 100 , 000 a year post .
you might think the candidates have the most invested in the 2016 presidential election , but someone else has nearly as much riding on the outcome : president obama .
she started really well in the second set and making some great shots and hitting it deep and i just thought that i had to be aggressive .
if they aren ' t in at the beginning , there is just so much wrong that you just can ' t correct on the day .
the contract dropped $ 1 . 75 , or 5 . 3 percent , to settle at $ 31 . 41 a barrel on monday .
one day , the authors warned , its solid base of older white voters would cease to be enough to draw upon to win elections .
that ' s why i always felt the need to help because of what they did for me in the first couple of months of my life .
the telegraph says his intervention prompted accusations that he was `` picking on muslims , '' and the scheme was criticised by some teachers .
i was afraid to move , and i need to get in that space where i am not afraid and then i will be able to move better .
this was what my mum used to do and now i had become that person and i [ thought i ] was the worst mother ever .
he was down here and he had a belt , and he had his foot on his back -- on the victim ' s back .
i ' m hopeful that with time , my husband will want to live his life the way it was meant to be lived .
the competition began the following year and for all but six of the subsequent seasons england ' s biggest regional city has been represented at the top table .
i look back on 2015 and it was a great year ... but i can ' t sit back and think that because i had a good season last year , it will just happen again .
it also has a much higher proportion of single houses , at 85 per cent , than the wider city , at 73 per cent .
as we walked up the road to where i was about to leave him , i pleaded with him to remember who he used to be .
but i know what you ' re saying : that there are many more opportunities in independent film for women .
spurs were reported to have tried to sign the striker in the summer , and could return with another bid in january .
there are types of players and sometimes the most technical players ... it looks like it demands less energy for them to play .
but he was not known to security sources and a police source told afp that a preliminary investigation did not point to terrorism .
the second consideration was russia ' s largely positive role when it came to the negotiations over iran ' s nuclear activities .
a few weeks later , while on holiday in new york , came the moment when she decided it was .
i totally appreciate that life is hard for some of you but please make sure that your children are clean and ready for school and that includes the correct clothes .
`` there ' s just one pocket of severe damage caused by a very isolated storm cell , '' he said .
`` he travelled for about a year but he works for the military and government so he ' s not allowed to travel a lot , '' she said .
you can stand for parliament five years after time served in prison , there are many mps with criminal records .
i wasn ' t happy with big parts of the season but i really enjoyed my time there and there are no hard feelings at all .
any time we ' re trying to create mental or physical change in our lives we have to accept that it is likely to be a process .
the couple along with their combined children are expected to stay at the luxury country estate for the next few days .
but if ryan ' s successful , he ' ll have come a lot further than anyone else has before .
she stayed there the whole night knowing she was still going to have to give birth naturally to our baby that hadn ' t made it .
but he said that `` everything is on the table , '' including so - called secondary sanctions , of the type the united states most recently used against iran , which would target third - party countries doing business with north korea .
we are all very excited , focused and committed to trying to do something really special at rio and we realise the time is now for that .
it is not yet clear whether the man found dead was ' operating ' the swing on his own or whether someone else was present at the time .
an 80 - year - old woman , who was driving the second car , was taken to hospital with serious but non - life threatening injuries .
we are never going to have that again , but i would really like to see some australians get up there again .
the decision to remain in the house is entirely her choice , and she has been given the option to leave at any time if she changes her mind .
the number of american citizens murdered in mexico rose from 81 in 2013 to 100 in 2014 , according to the u . s . government .
the authorities in brussels called off all official events after three people were detained on thursday in connection with an alleged new year ' s eve plot .
three recent polls of the iowa race show trump pulling away with a lead over cruz after several weeks showing the two virtually tied in the first - in - the - nation contest .
`` the employee was speaking with another woman when she was allegedly assaulted by the man causing her to fall the ground , hitting her head , '' a police statement said .
on tuesday , a woman in maryland was rescued after three days trapped in a car that had been buried under snow .
while the carbon tax has been an important factor , sweden ' s complex energy has also helped the fall in emissions .
it means the world is only seen through one eye , a male eye , in most of the world ' s great art .
from 2 - 0 down , it was this inspired performance that helped arsenal go on to win the game after a stunning third goal .
government sources say cameron is prepared to hold out for as long as it takes to get a proper deal he can sell to the british public , even if it means pushing back the referendum into next year .
he said that the appeals are usually turned down , but each one means a judge has to schedule a hearing .
' i decided i ' d lose the weight in her memory and in the first six weeks i lost a stone - and - a - half .
he ' s enjoying a bit of form at this point of time and the majority of what they do when they ' ve got the ball comes through him , '' he said .
what we do have to make sure of is that we don ' t make it so easy for them to have access to deadly weapons .
we ' ve just got to keep working with him , and he ' s going to be a very special player .
if business leaders wait until a last - minute panic , as they did in the scottish referendum , it may be too late .
`` we do not know who she is at this stage and that is what we are working towards , '' she said .
some 80 per cent of these women are thought to experience symptoms , which typically last for about four years .
congress approved the `` fast - track `` authority which gives the president the power to negotiate big trade deals without lawmakers changing the details .
' it ' s not right but if we say anything to them they say you shouldn ' t live where there ' s a school .
and if the migrants are refused asylum , it is unclear which force will physically remove them from europe and where they will go .
i called my mum and she brought me home , and for the next three years it just would not stop .
jeremy and i have argued for that to move on because if you are going to end the barrel bombing , you need a ceasefire .
`` that may not win me the republican primary , but there ' s more to life than that , '' he added .
it is striking the number of people in prison who are obviously ill , who have either got mental health problems or substance - abuse issues .
while there had been delays at some hospitals , he said staff were `` working hard `` to maintain patient flow .
it might pay to check with your local council to make sure you don ' t need planning approval to have it there .
he added that he still expects the seven - member board to make a choice before the end of january .
the two objects circle each other every six - and - a - half days about 8 , 000 light years from earth .
those guys are the pound - for - pound best right now , and if i ' m going to be recognized as the best pound - for - pound , those are the fighters i want .
if oil is cheaper , why wouldn ' t profits for everything else go up , and share prices with them ?
the mexican wave isn ' t something you see much at the tennis , but it was appropriate on show court three on saturday .
now i ' ve just got to get up early tomorrow morning , i ' m not looking forward to it , and i ' ve got to do what i ' ve got to do to get ready for sunday .
for significant service to community welfare in the field of social work , particularly child protection , and to higher education and research .
while among those who say they feel at least somewhat well represented in washington , 76 % say things are going well .
but he has managed to make most of the votes in the u . s . senate while keeping a busy campaign schedule , saying that shows his commitment to his job .
he promises that won ' t happen again , though he probably should be concerned how his defense ran out of gas in the second half of that game .
on top of this , there is a reduction in the mother ' s capacity for the ' flight or fight ' response , making her stressed .
' i wanted love , but mom couldn ' t teach me how to get that because she didn ' t know herself .
cruz does much better on that question , with only 7 percent of voters saying they would never vote for him .
and he pledged to lock those who have worked for major financial firms out of jobs in his administration if he ' s elected .
for one thing , it would reveal which of our politicians is capable of actually listening to the other side .
at this point we don ' t know if these names are correct , if these people even exist , or where they might be .
because of the challenges facing men when finding a successful method of weight loss , they are being prevented from reaching their full potential .
so i hope that the swedish side would respect my personal choice , rights and privacy and let me solve my own problems .
the truth is , ted , throughout this campaign you ' ve been willing to say or do anything in order to get votes .
but it is still 9 per cent lower than a year ago and about 18 per cent below its peak in april .
not in a million years did we think we ' d have this opportunity , it ' s really quite amazing .
for the last five years he has lived for his business , which is why his customers were shocked when tim announced recently that he ' d be closing .
we have arrested five men who are connected to the organised crime groups we have been investigating , but we still have a long way to go .
and anyway , in my experience , the only part of a newspaper that is really going to pay for itself is the horse racing results .
that they should be out celebrating after doing their work , they are offered a substance , they take that substance , and they become ill , or worse , they die .
so it would have been tough to really lose his soul , because he just looks amazing even before he moves .
the people who lived there hadn ' t been there long - it was a young woman and a man who was quite a lot older .
i remember once there were three afghan brothers aged 10 , 13 , 16 , and after a few days they also went .
australians will have noticed that in 2016 it now costs $ 1 to post a standard letter , up from 70 cents last year .
the civil rights group has unveiled a 15 - point plan to deal with the high lead level in the water , and to help affected citizens .
`` that would be good , '' trump said , who also noted that he holds different positions than the former mayor on guns and abortion .
but i knew that eventually i wanted to , and she arrived at kind of the perfect time , and we fell in love .
the police - recorded crime figures include a 9 % rise in knife crime and a 4 % rise in gun crime , which are thought to reflect a rise in gang violence largely in london and manchester .
he ' s having a bad day on the practice field , well it ' s not just because he didn ' t get up on time .
but then it failed on three tries from inside west virginia ' s 5 - yard line and settled for another field goal later .
he said labour ' s position would be settled `` if we ' re lucky `` before a house of commons debate , although it was possible it could take until the summer .
a lot of people are starting conversations and it might be hard to find the right people to engage with or to follow .
us officials on sunday could not confirm a saudi news report that nine american citizens were among 33 suspects detained on terrorism charges in saudi arabia over the past week .
`` these companies just don ' t want to do it because it ' s going to cost more , '' she said .
we are trying to deliver a national company for new writing - the 2016 season was the first step in that vision .
though little of substance resulted from the four - day trip visit , it is seen as helping get relations back on track .
but it ' s also to fund research and development on projects that may never see the light of day but that may feed into an entire body of work made by an artist or theatre - maker over a lifetime .
i think that would be the greatest legacy - that he carried on that tradition of what australia represents out on the tennis court , of fighting to the last point .
one minister told the sun : ' a five - year - old could have done a better job with this deal .
meanwhile , political veterans from both sides of the scottish independence vote said they would join forces to campaign for the uk to remain in the eu .
what still really matters to people most is the inequality gap between the rich and the poor , and the perceived problems associated with semi - controlled immigration .
congress should pass the act and the president should sign it into law so more of our youth , veterans and public resources can all benefit as they serve their country .
if you don ' t have the ' i ' m going to fight my way through ' kind of personality , you won ' t make it .
much of the nation ' s capital will remain frozen , as the federal government and schools remained shut down monday .
by the war ' s end , she was 17 and had seen more suffering than most people see in a lifetime .
she also attended william and kate ' s wedding in 2011 but her parents have deliberately tried to keep her out of the media spotlight .
he is a proud australian and a former pm of this country who i have come to know and i won ' t make comment about that , '' he said .
`` i do think it will take the average man on the street a while to shift from one to the other though , it ' s quite a dramatic switch , '' continued clark .
`` so long as these residents continue to suffer harm based on where they can afford to live , we must all join them to get the help that they need , '' she writes .
but now far more people live in its preferred urban home and a similar achievement would require a huge effort .
she said : `` i ' m reading his books for the first time and finding much of my father in them .
chris rock says that even though jennifer lawrence might not get paid as well as her male colleagues , she ' d be even worse off if she were black .
`` he signed up for football just to do something with his friends and be part of something bigger than himself , '' ed said .
federal regulators served notice last week : they ' re watching how businesses use - and possibly abuse - consumers ' personal information .
for all of 2015 , economists have estimated that the economy grew around 2 . 3 percent , about equal to the 2 . 4 percent growth for 2014 .
more than a dozen people sustained minor injuries , according to the twitter account of the dubai government ' s media office .
when the firing stopped , after a while , we came down and saw the professor dead , lying on the ground with the same gun in his hand .
i can only spread my mortgage over a maximum of 15 years , when i ' ll be nearly 70 .
we lead the world in so many areas , it ' s about time our country is led by one of our own .
you can contact the website operator , and you can go to the police if it ' s clearly criminal action .
some in brussels are fed up with britain allegedly `` not taking its fair share , '' despite this country receiving 30 , 000 asylum claims last year .
but looking in their eyes you wouldn ' t really see it sometimes and as adults i think we can learn a lot from that .
a capacity crowd of more than 12 , 000 saw james lead his team to a 64 - 58 win .
i remember thinking : `` of course i ' ll have to get a phone eventually , but let ' s just keep this going for a bit .
i thought i ' d be the only person who noticed the change , but i get frequent comments about how different i look .
it is tragic that they lost a young member of their family in such circumstances although we are pleased to have been able to provide them with some answers as to what had happened to him .
many believe this figure will continue to climb and that the regional property market will enjoy a real boost in 2016 .
the five arrests come a day after two other men , aged 25 and 21 , were also held on suspicion of murder .
i understand that waiting times are long , but i was told on numerous occasions i could expect treatment shortly , only to be disappointed several times that this was not the case .
`` i ' ve spoken with u . s . national security officials , and they ' re certainly thinking about these kinds of ideas , but there doesn ' t seem to be any move to implement a policy at the moment , '' he said .
under my watch we are going to have a school that gets the attention it needs to ensure people are happy .
but july is close the start of the summer holiday season - not a good time to hold an election normally .
some fund managers would argue we ' re already in a bear market , given how poor sentiment is right now .
i feel as if i play my best tennis on big stages and if i ' m serving well and playing the right game style , i think i ' ve got a good chance .
`` they have seen in syria the kind of things i saw in afghanistan , many times , '' he says .
i ' ll try to have him next week as part of it for me as well , just the lead - in .
for week 35 , tom spent a night out on the streets - he joined a group of 70 who were fundraising for a charity .
`` at the end of the day , it ' s a game of football for four points and we are on the hunt for a win . '' he said .
but she then thinks ' south asia ' is the capital of africa , which as a continent does not have a capital - let alone one that is also a continent .
after staff and security guards attempted to remove him , he disappeared for a while - but has since returned to the store and social media with celebrity status .
i think defending is my first strength and after that my technical ability , because before i was a central defender .
i will not campaign for , vote for or support any candidate , even in my own party , who does not support common - sense gun reform .
when you get to 6 - 6 in a season , it makes you think that maybe you ' re a little bit further along and we can get it done .
the couple said that some of the food served in the restaurant of the egyptian resort appeared , on occasions , to be re - used at meal times later in the day .
the two sides met for talks after a military stand - off and agreed to reduce tensions and hold further discussions .
as a result , three out of four young adults with those common symptoms delay a potentially life - saving trip to the hospital .
police officers said they were keen to speak to anyone who was in the area or has any information about the incident .
no - one will remember you if you die for your work - they will remember you as a dad , friend , partner and son .
in may that year , she joined energy uk as chief executive - a post she held for two years .
the acting chief executive of the city watchdog has denied claims it has gone soft on banks following the decision to drop its inquiry into banking culture .
football ' s governing bodies like to stay out of the political spotlight , and they refused to comment when asked if they were for or against the uk ' s eu membership .
he ' d managed to jump in , use the space that was left after we ' d given out the food and clothes , and covered himself up .
smith told the hollywood reporter : `` as i look at the political landscape , i think that there might be a future out there for me .
day , like the top - ranked player of the 28 different countries that will compete , will be his team ' s `` captain , '' and will be able to hand - pick one partner to create australia ' s two - man team .
the jury were told how she then spent time with both girls , who can ' t be named for legal reasons , in a hotel room in february 2010 .
they are a team , similar to us , if they get up , it ' s tough to score on them .
he always fought for the idea that britain ' s best interest was working together with our friends across europe to build a better future for us all .
edinburgh is one of only two universities in the uk and 11 in europe to secure a place in the later stages .
more than 1 million refugees arrived last year in germany , europe ' s biggest economy , the largest number fleeing civil war in syria .
the new rule , which is due to start in january 2017 , was announced in the last budget and is yet to pass parliament .
the start of the week is the coaches `` time - that ' s when they put the structure in place .
the duke and duchess of cambridge continue to be grateful for the public ' s support for the privacy of their young family .
just one question : with possibly less than six months before the vote , why should ministers have to wait until after the february 17 summit before speaking their minds ?
we did everything asked of us by the company and yet we had a fire after the machine was fixed , '' he said .
the latest set of financial accounts filed with the australian corporate regulator show that sales increased 4 . 3 per cent to $ 1 . 29 billion for the 12 months ended august 29 , 2015 .
whether it comes of anything or whether it ' s like the hundreds of people who ' ve been put forward before and it amounts to nothing remains to be seen .
`` we need to change england - we need to get back to what the world fears about them , '' jones explained .
he says sanders is `` pleased `` to do so on march 3 before the michigan primary , as long as clinton will agree to one in brooklyn , new york on april 14 .
earlier on that same night , ryan ferguson was at a local bar , just blocks away from the murder scene .
`` it was probably the start of a lot of the good things we ' ve done over the last few years , '' brown said .
the cost of travelling there has also been reduced to £ 14 , or £ 8 during off - peak times .
when they ' re not working their day jobs , many celebrities like to do something else on the side .
however , it soon became clear he wasn ' t going to finish by december 31 either , and a depression set in that made it harder and harder to write .
it will be led by adam smith , a london - based lawyer who is an expert in sports law .
`` he has to be funny , he has to be nice , and he has to have a normal relationship with his mother , '' she said .
britain ' s prince william , kate and their son prince george are on a three - week tour of new zealand and australia .
it argued that cities with high wages had seen faster jobs growth , with employment rising by 10 % since 2010 , compared with 3 % in low - wage cities .
some 31 per cent of the pupils had used e - cigarettes when they were first questioned , aged 14 and 15 , in 2013 .
to make matters worse , most women were not even aware they were thinking such damaging thoughts , ms adams said .
children in families that break apart are more than twice as likely to experience poverty as those whose families stay together .
`` while i knew every time luke left for work he could be injured while helping someone else , i never really thought it would happen , '' she said , while holding back tears .
there are alternative routes for those who can not cross the bridge and i would urge everyone to check the conditions before travelling .
and so even as an adult , she could only feel safe so long as she had one of everything in reserve .
what he saw was a woman unable to open her doors or windows as her car began to fill with smoke .
`` i think over 18 games they ' ll be right there in the thick of things to compete for our conference ' s championship , '' miller said .
my purpose is to bring awareness around the promotion of mental health and to show others that life can have meaning after such a devastating loss .
there are horses i should be taking in on the first of january which i may not be able to take in now , so i will probably lose them to another yard .
people have come from all 50 states and as far as germany and australia to give their time , money and passion to the show .
until my dad is back home with us , i will always want the uk government to work harder and do more .
at some point , i would wake up in the middle of the night , eat , go work out and go back to bed .
the unemployment rate has fallen below the rate we last saw before the great recession , and now stands at its lowest rate for a decade .
we don ' t want people that are on the road to assume the fire is travelling in one direction and it is not going to change .
after the last scheduled flight of the day , there is a six - hour window for the night team to carry out essential maintenance work .
' one of the things that i ' m finding difficult to come to terms with is losing my hair , ' she said .
the los angeles - class is the biggest in the navy ' s sub fleet , with 41 now in commission .
it has been only 18 months since jonathan brown ' s career on the afl field came to an end , and even he couldn ' t have predicted where his new life would take him .
i ' d come off a great year in 2013 , but a year later i wasn ' t in any sort of form and i wasn ' t enjoying my rugby .
we have a couple of china trips coming up in may so hopefully i can get it right in time for those .
as a result they gained big match experience and learned plenty from the experienced heads who were able to nurse them through even the most significant games .
let ' s start with the first month once again , which has $ 100 , 000 in income , $ 90 , 000 in spending and $ 10 , 000 in saving .
the only requirements for being pm are to be able to command the confidence of the house of commons and be invited by the crown to form a government .
now 27 , he has revealed that over the past two years he has been trying to make it back to the uk .
he said : `` it doesn ' t matter what you do they ' re still going to cream you for it .
when you ' re managing under - performance a line has to be drawn and that ' s hard , but it ' s necessary .
ben carson could also be a question mark ; he was leading iowa polls a couple of months ago , but has slipped into the middle of the pack now .
but you must make sure you return them on time to avoid late return fees , which are higher than that of books .
it is therefore vital that we recognise the challenge that this represents to us as a church , particularly given that as the established church we are called to minister and serve the whole nation , '' she said .
`` the minute i laid eyes on her , there was nothing more than i could desire from life , than to be with her forever , '' he wrote .
a woman who was sexually abused from the age of eight by her mother , her older brother and her step - father has won a £ 200 , 000 settlement after claiming social services didn ' t protect her as a child .
back in the mid - 1990s , when i first began to work on this idea , my dream was to open the museum on the same day the novel was published .
democrats and others who want to boost voter participation have been pushing to expand access to the polls , while conservatives have pushed for measures aimed at preventing election fraud .
she explained the school had paid for children ' s dinner more than 100 times in a month because pupils had come to school without any money to pay for it .
i think the city has improved , but i don ' t think i ' ll see much more change from here in my lifetime .
that is not surprising when you have a clinton campaign that is now in trouble and now understands that they can lose .
mr trump has become an unlikely front runner in the race for the republican presidential nomination , ahead of the contest to replace barack obama in the white house next year .
over the next two decades , it will double again if the 13 , 000 new homes planned for the town get built .
because the patient , who has significant complex medical conditions , also spent time away from the hospital during the exposure period , the source of the patient ' s infection can not be determined at this stage .
one of the things we all remember as adults is our own education , and that ' s something we keep in mind here .
all the australian races mean a lot to us because we have a six - week window to race at home .
the inquest is expected to last seven weeks and will consider whether a third party was involved and what happened the evening before she died .
`` i really want to clear my life to make it so that i have to make as few decisions as possible about anything except how best to serve this community , '' he told a summit in 2014 .
`` and threats like this are yet another reminder of what ' s at stake in this election , '' she said .
researchers have yet to confirm if either is a legitimate treatment , but since some women have shown improvement , they do believe there ' s potential .
if someone said to me `` stop drinking now and you might live another five years , '' i wouldn ' t want to .
january 20 , 2016 : the families of three victims launch their bid for a private prosecution of the driver harry clarke .
on the business front , the country gets high marks for its worker training programs and corporate innovation , while germany ' s political system , under the steady hand of chancellor angela merkel , is seen as effective .
from the moment he got in the race back in june , donald trump has dominated the campaign but for one night , the other candidates took center stage without him .
about a month before this year ' s prize was announced , they called me to ask me a few details about my career .
i really didn ' t realise how much i was going to play in that detroit game , so that was huge and gave me a lot of confidence and just being out there for a long period .
`` we ' ve got great politicians - who need to be released to do the right things for the right reasons ; they need permission to take risks , '' he added in an interview with bbc wales .
i know we learn from lessons and keep trying to improve the system to ensure the child is placed in a safe place , and i ' m confident the vast majority of the kids are .
the company is also launching a new now tv set - top box that offers free - to - air channels .
the american people are now and for some time have been asking to be allowed a good night ' s sleep .
`` you don ' t want to hear people say that about you and put it in the paper , '' he said .
as in all his previous new year ' s speeches , he said unemployment was his priority and promised new measures on training and job - creation that are likely to be unveiled later this month .
the controversial politician added : ' i no longer believe automatically - nor do many people in britain - what the security services say .
but tom was sick afterwards , leading the couple to joke that should they had another child they would go all out with a sit down meal .
yet on these , and every other one of the many occasions he has made what would normally be regarded as a mistake , trump ' s poll ratings have gone up , rather than down .
it was originally a kitchen garden and for everybody currently at the club that ' s what we thought it was .
`` having worked on these cases all over the country and all over the world , really , if i were a property owner there , i would be very concerned , '' bell said .
we took the lead early but they ' re a good side and if you give them an opportunity to come back at you then they can take their chances and they took them very well .
a 12 - year - old girl has serious head injuries after being hit by a police car on its way to a crime scene .
there are a lot of people in the electorate that have given me a lot of support , '' he told abc radio on monday .
we live in too much of this iphone thing where we can ' t talk to people ... we need to talk .
the whole capital city project would have had no buyers if the initial draft had been implemented , '' he said .
i ' m not paying any back payments -- just for the house , and the kids ' schools , and their food .
my son told me while i was alive to continue to live my life , so that ' s what i ' m doing here in this group .
on wednesday , a spokesperson said : `` uk military personnel are not directly involved in saudi - led coalition operations .
when i showed the players where we are ranked since 2003 ( in terms of six nations titles ) i think they were relatively shocked .
the prospects are good , but we might still be looking at several years before we have something for wide - scale use .
the first we knew it was going up was when it was up ; direct access and a line of sight to the beach are pretty important .
under the plans , customers would book their journey online and then only need the bank card they paid with .
in that context , at the present time , it doesn ' t seem as if there is much that bill clinton can say or do to change that .
march 17 : the cheap winter season is over and -- sorry , st . patrick -- but march 17 is the date of this year ' s spring price jump .
it gives you a real sense of what reality is ... and from there you never look back because you know how lucky you are .
australian captain steve smith is expected to lead a full - strength side against india in canberra on january 20 .
we know there are a number of people in a number of areas where there are needs and we want to be fair to everyone .
i also didn ' t have health insurance to cover these expenses until i got my first full - time job at age 26 .
if it ' s the weather , you know it ' s out of your control so you can stop thinking what is it i ' ve done ?
in the same interview , he said : `` my entire career , i ' ve only really worked with the same subject matter .
israel ' s education ministry said it had considered adding it to a reading list for high schools but decided against it , despite teachers calling for its conclusion .
but people understand that , and they get it , and over the course of time we ' ll make sure they get it about sen . rubio .
they carried out airstrikes with barack obama ' s anti - isis coalition in 2014 , but abandoned them at the start of the war in yemen .
if we are to play our part in ensuring a green future for the uk , we must remain in the eu .
luke was only at the beginning of his remarkable life , he had so so much more to give the world .
a council spokesman said : `` over the last few years , we have reduced the number of day centres we manage .
i will help the city grow thought - leaders by offering equal opportunities to young people - so that girls as well as boys can fill our technology skills gap , for example - and ensuring older people are still heard and seen .
`` i did not raise him in this manner and i am sorry for what he did , '' the father said , according to reuters .
u . s . crude rose 92 cents , or 2 . 8 % , to $ 33 . 22 a barrel in new york .
he was telling me the points he hoped i would make that were positive , and i didn ' t think it was his place to say that .
`` it didn ' t make me popular at the time , but it ' s finally come to being , '' she said .
with the summit in france drawing so much international attention , it can be easy to forget that many americans and elected officials do not view climate change as a serious threat .
one of those arrested , described only as a man , suffered non - life - threatening wounds , the agencies said .
we hope that the access will give the public a greater understanding of the court of protection ' s work , offer more transparency and help explain how the decisions were reached in these cases .
you know , until somebody comes out with the real proof and evidence , it ' s only a speculation for me .
three inmates charged with violent crimes including torture and murder have escaped from a california jail and are on the run .
`` i would have liked to see sales in positive territory , but we have the right building blocks in place , '' he says .
one country race from nsw saw volume 10 times larger than our legal exchange , the world ' s largest .
the closest residence in this case is approximately 20 metres away , much further than the 12 - metre standard and the development is also below the maximum height limit of 9 . 5 metres .
' it was almost like looking at a film but i ' m right there next to her and the killer .
several reached by ap in the weeks after the verdict wouldn ' t comment about their experiences , but prosecutors have indicated some of them are still suffering .
their statements to the times come as prime minister david cameron continues his efforts to change some aspects of the uk ' s membership of the eu .
`` i think they got fed up in the end and went to play at my other friends `` houses , '' he says .
many items are used for as little as four weeks , so spending hundreds of pounds on brand new is not necessary .
then in 2013 bowie came out with a new album , `` the next day , '' which he had begun working on in 2011 .
on the democratic side , a win by vermont senator bernie sanders over hillary clinton could lead to an extended campaign .
`` but in relation to the relationship with a head of state , this is a different matter , '' she said .
`` we have to take into consideration the team we played came from a lower league but we can be happy with that performance , '' he said .
since she could not speak the language in europe , she found shelter in her silence and in the way that she could look around her .
it seems like and feels like in this room that right after the game , it ' s done and on to the next one .
`` bernie came in with the luxury of being a complete long shot and just letting loose , '' he said in the interview .
but is there another 30 percent , within this voting group , that ' s willing to vote for them ?
you obviously know it in the back of your mind , but it ' s not something i am focusing on too much .
yet after 55 minutes their dance arrived at a familiar stage , and williams celebrated going a set up by calling for the doctor .
he was stunning in his test debut in late 2011 , but his body has not yet allowed him to extend his test career .
they also get papers so they can travel through the country , medical and psychological support , food , and other goods and information .
but he said this would only make matters worse , which has been proved correct by the chaos triggered by germany ' s decision to say the country would accept a million asylum seekers .
these are typically a combination of material goods people would like to own , experiences they want to have , causes they believe in , services they need or advice they require .
she wrote the song , she explained , but after hearing her version , that didn ' t need to be said .
on the far left put your weight or dress size as early as you can remember it and on the far right , your weight or dress size now .
the hero adds value by telling what he found , and that ' s the value i have right now , with this story , this film .
it ' s never great timing to take up something like this , and i wish we didn ' t have to do it all .
i have worked hard and will continue to do so because i am a fighter , i don ' t give up , and i always keep the faith .
and you listen to him and marco rubio , they ' re trying to solve the problems that they have had in the past , because they were both weak on it .
i always knew that i had something unique that couldn ' t be taken away from me and that everything that was happening to me was trying to take it away .
alex , though , wanted to wait and form a bond , as if lunch were really sex and we shouldn ' t rush into it .
i ' m not saying all 9 , 000 should come in , start with those that have a british connection and a british passport - that ' s an obvious one .
we knew that we were going to give it all this game and that we had to learn from our past games .
the shoulder injury , which he says was initially suffered in a jet ski accident in 2009 , had been a non - issue throughout training .
he doesn ' t have enough attention left over to monitor how his body feels , or his problems at home .
they remained the nba ' s second - worst team and currently held a 55 . 69 % chance of keeping their top - three protected pick in may .
i don ' t think it ' s actually possible for the republicans to let it happen because he ' ll have this cloud .
it ' s important to understand why it ' s becoming so popular to `` have work done , '' and what impact it has on individuals and society .
so for the patients , it feels exactly like a heart attack , and for doctors when the patients come in , they ' re having the right symptoms .
`` it was probably the most violent protest i ' ve attended , there was a lot of physical contact , '' she added .
republicans , who are seeking to take control of the white house from democrats in the november presidential election , have made president barack obama ' s foreign policy a key campaign issue .
despite first - quarter iphone sales being below the 75 million expected by analysts , it was still a record quarter for the company .
but i ' m happy now that the goals are coming and the points are coming and i really hope now we start a better run .
i know what i ' m capable of and i just want to keep enjoying my football , and when i do that i play my best football .
i don ' t think it ' s a problem of who you ' re picking as much as it is : how many options are available to minorities in film , particularly in quality films ?
it did not necessarily follow , she insisted , that someone who had opted to live in is territory was an is fighter .
he said his police force was ready win or lose , but he knew the result he wanted to see .
there is little sign that president and parliament agree on why things are so bad - apart from the collapse in the price of oil , virtually the only export - or what to do about it .
13 attacks that left 130 people dead in paris , and authorities were preparing for a possible worst - case scenario on new year ' s eve .
we all sat around on christmas day and watched the tv and had a laugh , it was like any other christmas .
after scoring five goals in his first 21 games he has five in his last five , including at least one in each of his last three .
last night , police said a 26 - year - old man had been arrested in connection with the death and was being held in custody .
my father moved from pakistan to germany for work , and my mother saw a picture of him with another woman , and took us all over .
security measures were tight in the city , as they have been across europe and beyond , following fears of terrorist attacks .
how can we possibly expect kids and teens to take it upon themselves to manage their digital behavior when adults can ' t do it ?
i don ' t have anything personally to achieve - i ' ve got to go for the team and what they want to achieve .
murray made early breaks of serve in all three sets and closed out victory after two hours and seven minutes .
i tried to do my best in delivering some straight - talking and honest politics and i think it was a little too much for him .
despite numerous appeals , police have been unable to identify the man , whose death is not being treated as suspicious .
now she ' s falling apparently behind in new hampshire and wants to change the rules , '' sanders told cnn thursday .
the husband told the police that he fought with the man , managed to get away and call for help .
it ' s about creating the kinds of places we want to live in that work for us in good times and bad .
the victim ' s injuries are not considered life - threatening and he was taken to the royal adelaide hospital for treatment .
young american women are more likely to live with their parents or other relatives than at any time since the second world war .
' we did a follow - up tv show so we ' d never write another off but modern reality tv is so different now .
' when i first started , i used to leave my works all over the house , even in the bathroom , ' he said .
a further 6 per cent of people living at home don ' t think they will ever be able to afford to buy , it said .
only 21 per cent of women think society has done all it can to secure gender equality , compared to 32 per cent of men , the study of 8 , 000 people revealed .
the 28 - year - old , who had been working on a farm , suffered severe brain injuries in the accident on november 4 , which cut short a dream year travelling the world with friends .
they ' ve been top 10 players for many , many years , so there is a reason why they ' re there . '' to get to that spot you need to work hard .
new york will be as safe on friday as it was on thursday because we haven ' t lost any of our powers to launch investigations .
the 18 - year - old hasn ' t turned out in a senior game but liverpool look keen on signing the player .
state party business such as the selection of local party leaders is discussed at these meetings , as well as the choice of presidential nominee .
both sanders and hillary clinton are trying to tie their campaigns to obama , who has yet to give an endorsement to any candidate .
a record 19 . 74 million people visited japan last year , the ministry said this week , an increase of more than 47 % from 2014 .
`` i find it really sad that people aren ' t being given the help and support they need , '' he added .
he said the nhs now employed 6 , 100 fewer managers and almost 30 , 000 more clinical staff than in 2010 .
if she ' s worried about this being tried in the media , then she needs to stop doing it .
' we had savings and a fall back plan , but compared to before we were doing pretty badly , ' he said .
the children involved spoke of travelling to birmingham on a bus and indicated that the hotel was in the city .
it made me think , if that has happened to us , how many other customers have discovered similar things but not said anything ?
obama will speak more about these orders in a town hall event with cnn ' s anderson cooper on thursday in fairfax , virginia .
authorities aren ' t saying what has become of the victims and whether they ' re still in the u . s .
for these reasons i was constantly picked on by other black kids that i was acting too white or speaking too properly .
a ministry of justice spokesman said serious further offences were rare but each one is taken extremely seriously and investigated fully .
`` i want their safety as the first thing , and their ability to respond to threats is number two , '' he said .
the first two games against oklahoma [ city ] , you see a big , big difference from then until now .
but if that driver hadn ' t been on the road that morning , michael would still be here with his daughter .
before games , the full - back used to `` mind `` the cars of visiting supporters and travelled across europe watching liverpool before the demands of his own professional career took over .
sarah , 28 , says : `` it makes me sick to my stomach that someone could even think of doing something like this .
you ' d like to have a quick fix , but that just wasn ' t part of the process .
this was to kill of any attempt to link his future to the referendum result by saying he would remain in office even if he lost .
by the end of last year , presidential campaigns and outside groups supporting them raised more than $ 600 million .
you can not be committed to the defence of human values and , when you have millions of people in the street and people dying , stay at home .
that ' s why we ' re working on things to improve and looking at what tennis is going to be like in the next few years .
it ' s as if people haven ' t heard the first time - but i ' m just making sure .
mr turnbull said `` time will tell `` whether the voters of fairfax will view mr palmer as a fit and proper person to be in federal parliament .
an mp who was diagnosed with breast cancer less than two months after the election has told the bbc she hopes to return to westminster next month .
we have a website which has all of the photos on it , they all deserve to get up , but some are home - jobs so we only put the real professional ones on instagram and facebook .
the version in the georgia museum ' s collection was recently put up for auction in the us and failed to sell against an estimate of between $ 100 , 000 and $ 150 , 000 .
he has admitted to having a drink problem , and his personal relationships have also hit the headlines in the past year .
2 , a saturday with no nfl games to compete against , but playoff officials did not want to delay the start of what they hope can become a new tradition .
you ' re looking at a guy who grew up in the state of alabama , and my dream was to play there .
on thursday , syria ' s government granted approval to the un ' s humanitarian agencies and partners to deliver aid in the three areas , the united nations said .
it was the last one , published this july , and i can ' t for the life of me remember what he said should be in it , because i wasn ' t taking much notice .
3 - sunday ' s match will be the third fa cup meeting between the two sides in the last ten years .
yet share prices in the banking sector have fallen by more than 20 % since july , with half of the decline coming in the first weeks of 2016 .
this time , paul suggested he ' ll attend , saying the campaign is `` very excited `` about qualifying for the main stage .
`` the situation is quite grave and it may lead to further loss of life and property , '' he wrote .
they can charge a higher rate of housing benefit because there is supposed to be support in there but we often don ' t get any .
and while he was on the run , a mexican judge actually ruled that he should be sent to the u . s . if he was captured .
while north korean authorities accepted the women ' s account , the manner of the doctors `` deaths sparked speculation online .
i say that we do not , but that isn ' t necessarily the best way to judge whether an argument is worth hearing .
this provides a service for schools to send text messages to parents if pupils are late or missing or any other reason that schools might need to contact families .
the family had moved around since then and settled on this property in union about seven years ago , close to the foundation company where jim worked .
`` i ' m in favour of local councils having a live music action plan and a policy is a good start , '' ms bishop said .
' he only said that he would keep me there a few years and that he would release me after that ' , she told police during an interview .
mr scott added : `` i can ' t see why she ' d put herself through all this stress if it ' s not true .
libya is now `` the area of most growing concern , '' when it comes to isis , a senior defense official told cnn .
not only has he now accepted responsibility for what happened to her , but he has reportedly `` owned up `` to a string of other attacks thought to involve adults and children .
for a start , she ' s swedish , which is to being cool and hip now what being french was 40 years ago .
and when you think of it , these politicians are on this debate , most of them don ' t know what they ' re doing .
but it ' s likely that apple will encourage people to listen to their music in one of three ways .
we all have events for which we want to lose weight , yet it ' s not easy to find a healthcare professional willing to help us do this .
new year ' s eve is a time for some stars to lay low and others to celebrate in style .
a source said the prime minister was planning to set out his thinking when he makes a statement on the december european summit to the house of commons on tuesday afternoon .
the accusations against the former radio host have highlighted concerns about canada ' s past handling of sexual assault cases .
the picture i wanted to take on the boat remains `` the one that got away `` - i think every photographer has one .
it is also recommended for children over the age of six months with a long - term health condition and those aged two , three and four plus children in school years one and two .
it ' s good that the kids are getting educated about this from the ground floor because they will have to deal with it later .
i made this film for one reason , with hope of creating change agents , that people could watch this film and be affected .
for the second time in six months , we ' ve wrapped up a hard - fought but ultimately comfortable series victory against a top - ranked side , before losing the final match .
`` where there is any additional investment in mental health , it will be much needed to repair the damage done over the last five years , '' she said .
' if it wasn ' t for the guys being there so quickly and not giving up on me , it would have been a very different story .
when i came here , i didn ' t know there were two ( legs ) in the semi - final of the capital one cup .
i just haven ' t had that a lot because i ' ve done a lot of press when i ' ve been pregnant and shortly after pregnancy .
as a player , i know who is missing on purpose or returning a shot in the middle on purpose ... who is trying , and who is not .
asked about the challenge of facing williams , she said : `` there is no reason i shouldn ' t be looking to improve and to getting my game in a better position than any other previous round .
you loved to smile and you were happy to play with other people on the over 2 , 000 - km ( 1 , 200 - mile ) route who needed a little love to keep them going .
if you or someone around you experiences any one of these symptoms , it is vital that medical attention be received within three hours .
`` the struggle is real , but so is god , '' she wrote on her public twitter and facebook accounts on sunday .
i didn ' t watch much of the abc ' s sydney new year ' s eve program , but i saw enough to wonder : who did the abc think were watching ?
people use old photographs and when you meet up you find out that they definitely don ' t look like that now .
he had blood around the chest area and on his upper body , while another man with a knife was standing near the body .
since we got in a busy schedule , i think his energy level went way down , so his detail dropped off .
' they all want to know how to get involved in the campaign , they ' re giving up on their candidates , ' he said .
and then you decide where you want to stand , and that ' s not necessarily where they ' re going to put you .
and more tax in future than they ever paid under labour , where the tax rate for google was 0 % , that is what we face .
while gold is far below its prices from the financial crisis , it ' s up 4 percent in 2016 .
her body was discovered on saturday afternoon after the boyfriend told the apartment ' s owner he was worried because he hadn ' t heard from her and they went together to open the apartment .
his first , men in this town , was released in july of 2014 , and he continues to update its website .
if you are having those thoughts , it has to be addressed - and by asking the question you are doing that and can get the necessary help .
`` i actually don ' t have a good memory or remember many specific games i ' ve played , '' she said .
a negative is relatively rare in thailand , where only one per cent of the population have the blood type .
even his name sounds like the noise you ' d make if you crashed head - first into a tree , which can ' t be a great sign .
it was amazing because the past five seasons , it feels like it ' s been building up and up to that .
but there are no room numbers four or 14 , as four sounds like `` death `` in chinese and is considered bad luck .
mr obama and democratic presidential candidates , including front - runner hillary clinton , have called anti - muslim rhetoric anti - american .
it ' s not going to prevent every mass shooting ; it ' s not going to keep every gun out of the hands of a criminal .
he said it was nice to have the 30 minutes , it ' s only motivated him to do more and train harder .
for a generation of viewers , tv is something that happens on their time rather than the networks , '' which , in turn , means that network ratings are continuing to decline .
but most said his treatment of the children was so violent there was no way it could be a joke .
most difficult decision : it was hard to know if i should keep the man with alcohol and personality problems within mental health services or ask the police to get involved .
italy is the last major country in western europe not to have offered rights or recognition to same - sex couples .
you have to really prove yourself , that you ' re one of the guys to make it - but once you do , then you ' re one of the guys and that ' s where i ' ve reached now .
`` no one here wants anyone to be hurt or die , but i am not afraid to die , '' anderson said .
during the australian open ' s early rounds , player after player has left the court and headed to a news conference where the main line of questioning centers around corruption in their sport .
he called him by name in a series of text messages , trying to get me to go out with him and to meet him for coffee .
but as jobs aren ' t so easy to find these days , i ' d do your best to hang on in there as long as you possibly can .
i have been in this business since i was nine years old , and have heard the same thing said throughout the different parts of my career .
if apple thought that the results were going to be any different than they are , i would be surprised .
once , his mother even took me aside to say : ' mike is under so much stress , he needs more time to himself .
that means they also have to conduct a background check on buyers no matter where they sell , including online or at a gun show .
the watch band also promises to count your steps , track your sleep , and light up when you receive text messages .
the survivors aren ' t just black women , but as a black woman , do i protect myself and stand up for justice ?
one of the reasons its investigation took so long was that it needed laws to be passed to give it the powers it needed for it .
but gun control advocates are expecting the new actions to be revealed next week , ahead of obama ' s annual state of the union address , set for january 12 .
next month , my wife , kim , is due to have our first child - and in between , i have the open to play .
the charity said : `` the government has accepted the principle that it has responsibility for refugee children already in europe , as well as those in the syria region .
it comes as the first strike by junior doctors in 40 years is under way in a row over a new contract .
a man has appeared in court over allegations he carried out sex attacks against two 12 - year - old girls after claiming to be a police officer .
she estimated that the break - in , the third in just over a year , has cost about £ 1 , 000 .
and maybe at some later point they will come back or seek someone else that they feel safe sharing with .
now she ' s about to turn 18 , we predict this will be the year she truly comes into her own .
stanley prince had a lot to say about the next leader of los angeles schools last week , and he was grateful for the chance .
in an associated press survey conducted this season and released sunday , 71 of 100 nfl players said they ' ve seen other players allow injury concerns to affect what happens in a game .
donald trump is a remarkable man in terms of being able to sell himself , but let us not forget he was a television star for many years .
for the operators in the city of sydney ' s security camera control room at town hall , making split - second decisions is second nature .
`` at restaurants and bars we have gotten free meals and drinks from people who feel bad about thinking we were mother and son , '' matt said .
he had helped his younger brother mohammed , 21 , and two other men by providing money for flights to syria , as well as clothing and equipment , before preparing to join them from manchester .
you ' ve got to remain as calm as you can and i survived the day , that ' s the main thing .
what he says `` i always say to any actor : don ' t listen to advice from actors , especially if they ' re older than you .
police believe at least two people were in the car at the time and the shots were fired from the passenger side of the vehicle .
he ' s talking about the strategy to basically end - run washington and begin by focusing on local government -- building a movement from the ground up .
she said the extended family , which occupied nine sites , stayed between six to eight weeks over the school holidays .
the former `` daily show `` comic is about to launch a whole new venture -- a hair - raising prospect , some might say .
if it ' s less than the new £ 60 a year fee you need to take it as a wake - up call to seriously consider your options .
the existing constitution limits the powers of the president and places the prime minister in charge of the government - as in many european countries .
if that ' s the case , it ' s easy to prove the business case to a second and third airline to do this , '' he said .
just as the spring itself was more than just a set of national events , so the current period of counter - revolution is an international matter .
image caption do you want a copy of something 1 , 800 years ' old - or 4 , 000 years ' old ?
i can ' t see how they will be learned , because [ the report ] was the vehicle , that was the moment and if this report didn ' t address those issues then i am not sure when they will be addressed .
three in five found a job by january 2014 ; of those , over 20 % lost more than a fifth of their income .
a total of 10 people have also been detained in belgium for suspicion of involvement in the attacks that killed 130 people in paris on nov .
any computer system that works with time and has the potential not to know how long ago something happened could throw up the same strange results .
those were the jobs i did through college and in high school , i started working at a restaurant when i was 14 and kept doing that .
despite repeated requests by a prosecutor , police failed to check accommodation arrangements at the hotel to double - check the story .
now it can be revealed the 41 - year - old director of legal services for the welsh force has been hit by a new misconduct claim .
but if you stay at it and you ' re learning , you ' re talking to others , and you ' re learning together , eventually you ' ll break through and see the kind of impact you were hoping for .
`` i guess the problem now , with all these devices , is there are just so many different types , '' he said .
my biggest piece of advice would be to start small , you can always add in colour or depth later on .
he ' s still got to train today and do everything to show that he ' s 100 per cent , but the way he ' s talking is that he ' s 100 per cent .
one uk source said there are hopes that there will be positive developments after the prime minister ' s talks with the three eu leaders over the next three days .
there are a lot of other shows on the air that are fantastic shows but they have writer ' s rooms .
black and gold could be the dominant color scheme in the stadium , with iowa expecting more than 50 , 000 fans for its first rose bowl game since 1991 .
mohammed has been given the green light by doctors to test it out and hopes to be in a long - term relationship by next year .
although there are drugs that can control the symptoms of heart failure , many people do not respond to these because the damage to the heart is too great .
iowa polls show him with an edge over national front - runner donald trump , and cruz is pulling his weight in other states .
`` she ' s the woman that from day one i said i needed to get her support , '' he said .
`` i don ' t think it will feel too different , i ' ll still be a leader around the group , '' smith said .
it would be replaced with a new support service which would operate in existing schools and also from a proposed new learning hub .
today was all about the result but there is lots of work to do in terms of our performance and things we can do better .
the child shown at the end of the latest islamic state propaganda video is the son of a south london woman who converted to islam and left for syria several years ago , according to her father .
in evidence today , richard said he was ' shocked beyond belief ' to discover he had sex with a 13 - year - old child .
to protect his privacy and maintain the integrity of his characters , though , he has avoided revealing too much of himself in public over the years .
he said that even if the water was to stop rising this week , it would take at least a month before it left his yard .
many of us wake up on new year ' s day with little to look forward to beyond returning to the same old routine .
and she was so strong , and got me through the worst day of my life , which was christmas eve .
a 13 - year - old girl has been raped while walking home from a bus stop in greater manchester , police have said .
it ' s a new thing for me but i have to work hard and to try to be better and better and to show the coach i can play again .
it is difficult to measure the impact that having a well - run community pub can have on society but i believe it is significant .
before friday ' s announcement , to become a member of the actors branch , an actor had to apply in writing and have that application signed by two current branch members .
if it remains that way , we have to really look at how we approach it , at the preparation that we have , what players we use .
in all , 29 people were initially trapped by the collapse : 15 have now been rescued and one confirmed dead , while 13 are still missing .
the risk to human health is ' very low ' although additional testing is under way as officials are waiting to confirm the strain .
they couldn ' t in the end face the reality that something that had given their lives such meaning had turned out so badly .
he is fully recovered , he ' s trained now a few weeks with the team , and passed some big tests .
`` i don ' t think we should be any doubt that iraq and afghanistan were difficult campaigns for society at large or for the army , '' he said .
`` after his death , i discovered much more depth to him than to just my old dad , '' she adds .
it was the russians who got a black eye when one of their war planes was shot down and a pilot killed by the turkish air force in late november .
the solution , its people were officially told , would to be build a £ 20 million concrete wall through the centre of town to keep the water in the river .
we had to pick him up from yorkshire and drive him all the way back to wales , so he saw a lot of the country while we were on the way .
when you ' re out shopping it can sometimes feel like you ' re always stuck at the end of the longest line .
at least one in four british women who avoid the medication do so because of concerns about health consequences , according to polling .
michigan ' s governor will meet with the mayor of flint to discuss a new approach to the city ' s toxic water disaster .
' every time you do something like that you ' re opening the old wounds again you have to just put it behind you .
the final quarter of 2015 was mcdonald ' s biggest for sales in the uk and december was its biggest month .
rather than talking about how popular they are , how great they are , he ' s doing it because he sees a huge need and it ' s not being filled by anybody , '' she says in the video .
rather than tools for punishment i now see food and exercise as building blocks to achieve strength and good health .
when you live through such a big event , you are not able - or i am not able - to write a novel about it directly .
the incident was the first time in more than half a century that a nato nation had shot down a russian plane .
ryan said the cruise line was helping passengers returning to baltimore with free calls and internet access ; she took a photo of a line of people waiting to make calls .
president obama will participate in a live town hall on reducing gun violence in the u . s . , according to a white house official .
you somehow have to train your mind to remember the bigger picture , why are you still doing this to yourself ?
under the banking inquiry ' s terms of reference , it could not make findings of fact against individual politicians .
melbourne has won its last three games and shown they are starting to lift their form with five rounds left in the season .
i brought it up to say that if you don ' t stand up all the time , you can ' t pick and choose when you decide to stand up .
brazil beat the u . s . in the 2008 olympic final in beijing , too , and will have home - court advantage this year .
it remains unclear whether proceedings will be held in public or in a closed court session due as the suspect is 15 .
`` you don ' t want it to happen to anyone , and you obviously don ' t want it to happen during the season or even when the season is not going on , '' he said .
according to the international business times , he said : `` i believe we , in the uk , must be in europe from a business perspective .
he said they didn ' t know the soccer field would be used to house nearly 6 , 000 media members during the week .
`` james will be in first grade and he is a professional so he knows what is expected , '' bennett said .
it requires you to commit to saving a regular amount of between £ 10 and £ 100 a month for 12 months .
`` even if i don ' t win , i really can take away that i ' ve been really consistent and i want to continue that , '' williams added .
i ' ve been working in this area for almost two decades and am very pleased to lead this comprehensive , independent review across our criminal justice system .
the firm has been under financial pressure , and has made a series of job cuts over the past two years .
these days the only time you ever hear the term `` working class `` is in describing those people who are going to vote for donald trump and ben carson .
while prices in england climbed by an average 8 . 3 per cent over the 12 months , there was a very different story in the rest of the country .
the sun reported that a source said mr simpson - kent , who is the father of the two missing boys , is making his way to africa .
since a state of emergency was imposed on the night of 13 november , police have brought to light 25 offences related to terrorism , he added .
there is the potential for the industrial action in england to have an impact on welsh patients who receive treatment in england and on the nhs in wales .
if so , it would mark a next step in the north ' s nuclear programme - and a serious one .
if we don ' t do something to build a wall and stop illegal immigration , that ' s what our country ' s going to look like .
it is a shame that we do not , after this opening scene , get much more of the same drama and tension .
most of us don ' t know much about the ocean and there will be a lot of new difficulties we have no idea how to deal with ; that we will have to encounter when we put it in the middle of the ocean .
december 30 , 2015 - isis claims the murder of an officer in the egyptian army and his driver near the central security camp in the capital .
i thought for a second i was going up the fence , but he just held his position , that was it .
i don ' t have an open marriage , but i think it has allowed me freedom in every other sense .
' this time , however , there was one extra factor : gold effectively now had the prime minister ' s endorsement .
the review , commissioned in 2012 , has examined whether any child abuse allegations falling within the inquiry ' s terms of reference were not investigated .
i think councils , under enormous pressure to make difficult decisions , figure that people won ' t care or notice because it ' s not a service directly for them .
`` as child protection is such an important area to get right , there are still areas where we would like to see the force improve , '' she added .
they should be prepared to come for an interview in london or washington , dc , at their own expense .
it ' s been a record - breaking regular season for melbourne city ' s women ' s team : 12 games , 12 wins , 38 goals scored , four conceded .
the gop presidential candidate released an ad friday that will air this weekend during the first round of the nfl playoffs in early primary states .
an interior ministry spokesman directed reuters to the website , which gives information on all people detained as militant suspects , but gave no further comment .
if you are more familiar with your role and understand it better , you can really bring another level of physical intensity to the game , and that ' s really where our focus is .
for the past two months , he explains , he has felt on edge and unable to sleep for more than two or three hours a night .
`` i found it powerful to not get caught up in the way i judge myself or how other people judge me , '' she said .
evans said the raid was so carefully planned that at one stage it had been considered to be an inside job .
when the final shot hit the net and i put my hands up to my face , it was more relief than anything else .
it ' s also enjoyed a spot at number one in every territory we operate in , and in many of them it ' s still number one .
we want to go to these negotiations , we want to negotiate , we are serious about it but to do that the conditions have to be there .
`` i think it is right that where there is public concern and where politicians and the press are concerned about international companies - not just us - when the rules change you should change with them and we have done that , '' he said .
with cameron ' s 21st birthday in november last year , i did sort of plan to have a party because he ' s never had a birthday party ... but i didn ' t have the strength to do it .
one thing is clear , if any of the proposed plans had been implemented , london would have been a very different place from the one seen today .
i have been seeking help for my mental state , like i haven ' t been well at all , and it ' s all because of one comment on facebook .
it will not just be your usual faces either , as melbourne continues to welcome immigrants and refugees from around the world .
most service was back on in washington , d . c . , maryland and virginia , where more than 50 , 000 had lost power .
in order for this concept to make a real mark in sydney , the show has to become the tennis not the smoke machines , the lights or the sound effects .
he enjoyed hunting , shooting and fishing and enjoyed life to the full all day every day , '' a statement from them read .
allen owns a 10 , 000 - square - foot home on the island , and has been known to buy up smaller properties around it for house guests .
yes , i hear the hopeful call of the `` positive thinking `` establishment - i know i ' m not `` old `` yet , 60 is the new 40 and so on .
the united states has two potential candidates for a zika vaccine and may begin clinical trials in people by the end of this year , but there will not be a widely available vaccine for several years , u . s . officials said on thursday .
a storage tank was set on fire with a long - range rocket , and at least two guards were killed .
we are asking different questions about lead than we did in 1992 so we need to do things in a different way .
the explanation seems to be a mix of migrants `` relatively weak ties to france , and the limited opportunities in a country with 10 % unemployment .
i also hope that our university will build a bigger satellite and , why not bring one of our students to the moon one day .
we knew from our intelligence that the americans were already planning a new government and discussing who would be the ministers .
capital airlines have confirmed that the woman ' tried to do something at the door , ' and that she was prevented from doing so by staff .
all the babies ' mothers were interviewed one to three days following delivery , with their obesity and diabetes status noted .
`` i am determined to see through the plan that has got the british economy that is in the stronger position that it is in today , '' he added .
a teenage leicester city fan collapsed and died of a suspected heart condition after getting upset watching his beloved team get knocked out of the fa cup .
david was close to the edge , but i truly believe he art - directed his life and his death .
she was stabbed in the neck , chest and back and the killer has never been found , despite an extensive police investigation .
others fled the war at an earlier stage and are on the move again because no middle eastern country will give them the rights they are legally due as refugees .
in previous seasons we would have lost that or drawn , so that ' s a very good sign for 2016 .
`` i was the only one left that didn ' t have a partner so ray came and picked me up , '' she says .
`` i ' m so disappointed because i put so much work in and i just feel like i let a lot of people down , '' he said .
football had got to the stage where clubs just looked abroad for players , instead of looking at english talent at the lower levels .
we ' ll have meetings in dubai [ in january ] with a lot of the chief executives and certainly be talking to counterparts at pakistan and south africa .
the victory would be his 10th of the season and set him on course for what is expected to be the first of many world titles .
the vote was 55 - 43 , with `` yes `` votes falling short of the 60 needed to advance the republican - backed measure in the 100 - member senate .
`` it doesn ' t matter to me who it was or what they do for a living or whatever , '' he said .
a 46 - year - old , also found at the flat in cleveland road , is being treated in hospital for serious injuries .
with his wife , kim , due to give birth next month , murray plans to take a break immediately after the australian open , which begins in melbourne in 13 days `` time .
you ' re sitting there , and you know things have happened in the past with guys going into the crowd and stuff , but you ' re not really expecting it , '' he said .
we were a manager who had 90 per cent of our business in one account and we lost that account .
`` i think the player will help us but there ' s a number of discussions to be had , not just with our football club and the clubs concerned , '' the 52 - year - old sky blues manager explained .
' so i don ' t just want some for my old age ; i want them for my children ' s old age , and their children ' s old age .
after having four daughters , a new york father was so shocked to learn he was finally going to have a son , he simply collapsed in shock .
as the holiday season slowly comes to a close around the world , one little girl is determined to hold off on going back to school for as long as she can .
i think that certain media are just trying to create a story out of it without any proof . so as long as it is like that , it is just a story .
more than one million people reached europe in 2015 , most of them refugees fleeing war and violence in afghanistan , iraq and syria , according to the united nations refugee agency .
but this way , you ' re making a decision about your sex life , rather than your husband choosing for you .
`` a short exchange has occurred and the victim was struck to the back of the head , has fallen forward and is currently in his present condition , '' he said .
but since my wife now works at uber , it ' s probably just as well i can ' t use it .
and in the end , you taught us all how to win -- live or die -- by how you live , why you live and the manner in which you live .
the office worker had been raped and killed by a man in his 20s , and a 17 - year - old .
while officials have said that federal authorities are investigating , no one has been charged with a crime , even though authorities said some of those involved had trained their weapons on police .
`` it ' s a quiet , nice neighborhood - lots of families , '' he said as his 13 - year - old daughter and 12 - year - old son stood with him .
she says officials creating housing solutions should take into account the culture of the people they ' re trying to help .
`` i ' m not sure why , '' williams said when asked to explain the nearly 12 - year winning streak .
thailand has been in a human rights crisis since the military coup in 2014 , according to human rights watch .
on being a screen star : `` i don ' t think , as an actress , you want to be beautiful .
but he ' s fun to watch and he ' s got a great game - he ' s got the potential to be a top - four player .
they know how to approach young people who feel that no - one has time for them , '' he adds .
the number of indian students arriving for such courses rose from 1 , 200 in 2008 to 14 , 000 last year .
`` my aim was to create one million jobs for poor women - but why not 10 million jobs worldwide ? '' he asks .
from texas at these centers and and joint with the u . but he said he didn ' t know it was a citizen .
the new pilot , implemented in october , measures the results of treatment and patients ' overall experience in a bid to make sure they receive the most appropriate care .
if i ' m spending money on research , i can write it off on my taxes , so i feel like i can spend money that i normally wouldn ' t .
an investigation has revealed that stephen hammond , a former conservative transport minister , made the claim despite reportedly earning an £ 800 an hour adviser fee earlier in 2015 on top of his mp salary .
the success of her channel also means she is now able to offer some patients free treatment - if they are willing to be recorded .
`` i think the manager has a 25 man squad and can only play 11 and seven for the bench and he has obviously had no problem with me on a personal level , '' he added .
`` i ' m trying to turn this situation into something that will not only help me but help others , '' he said .
i am very grateful my family gave me a chance because i don ' t know what i would do without them .
he said while canberra was already a smart city in terms of its human capital , the next challenge was to make it a smart city in terms of its technology base and infrastructure .
we ' ve seen all the major auto manufacturers making huge push to raise the bar of their in - car technology .
we ' d like you to introduce your nfl team to us , and share your photos and stories about what your chosen team means to you .
if anyone has any doubt they should shop around and see if there is a better product for their needs .
so how did the 23 - year - old manage to avoid getting caught up in non - cricket related matters ?
now authorities say they ' re offering a $ 50 , 000 reward for information leading to the capture of the escaped prisoners .
the black areas in the map reflect the opposite , with populations less than 8 , 000 people and less than 900 people per square mile .
in some cases , you can collect enough information to find the person on facebook or via a google search , and sometimes you can get their phone number .
`` people couldn ' t miss the opportunity for us to say , this is what ' s happening and we really need help , '' mitchell told the associated press .
reporter : police say the suspect , known for a history of psychological problems , has at least eight prior arrests .
so far the government have offered no substantial impact assessment for a cut which 7 in 10 disabled people say will cause their health to suffer , '' she said .
the moon passes in front of the earth , as seen from nasa ' s deep space satellite , revealing the side we never see from the ground .
`` having said that we ' ve still got 20 odd days for that average to lift a little bit ... ending this month we should be close to average in terms of maximum temperatures , '' he said .
if i ' d been in the corner they would have left me alone but they want to let it out to someone else .
the swiss midfielder has admitted it is a `` childhood dream `` to play in the premier league while the club ' s president has admitted he may leave in the summer .
i did enjoy my trips to europe when he used to play on the european tour , so it would be nice to see him achieve that again because i believe he ' s a better player today than he was when i first met him .
unfortunately , as i said , where i grew up there was no other way and there still isn ' t a way to survive .
on wednesday , january 5 , the u . s . led coalition staged 36 strikes against isis in iraq and syria in its latest series of attacks against the extremist groups .
since their first encounter , the pair have spent their days together , watched by an increasing number of russians who want to see the strange match .
it doesn ' t matter how old you are or where you ' re from , you need to use this and show people what you can do .
in creating this model , what we wanted to do was have the families go to a one - stop shop .
in addition , it expects earnings to be hit by the introduction of the uk bank tax as well as continued low interest rates , because this affects its ability to profit from assets .
the deal is still going through regulatory review , and the companies expect it to close in the second half of this year .
he has come under fire for his handling of a scandal in which the agency admitted it targeted conservative groups during the last presidential campaign .
i can hold my referendum at any time up until the end of 2017 , and it ' s much more important to get this right than to rush it .
let ' s see how the off - season goes , how much work he gets done and where he ' s at coming into year two .
let ' s begin with what to call the oregon anti - government protesters who have taken over a federal building .
that is a dangerous path for us to be going , '' he said , accusing major property owners of deliberately running down the city to drive foot traffic and consumption into the canberra centre .
according to the washington post , the number that will go down in the history books as washington ' s official total : 17 . 8 inches -- recorded at reagan national airport -- falls short compared with some other spots in the region .
the fire has been deemed suspicious , but officials haven ' t released any details of what may have caused the fire or what killed the four victims , who haven ' t been identified .
not only do the rich avoid income tax this way , but then there ' s an added benefit : no tax on super earnings after 60 .
as an artist you just have to decide what your relationship with something is and be honest with where your inspiration ' s coming from .
at a test event on sunday for the games - at a venue in rio ' s new olympic park - she wasn ' t alone in being concerned .
a friend who recently moved to new york complained that she had no idea how to start a relationship without alcohol as an engine .
' i ' ve been indeed suspended , ' she said , ' and i don ' t even know when i ' m going to get back to work .
he added that that surveillance flights being carried out for humanitarian reasons could `` in principal `` be extended in support of iraqi forces efforts to push back isis fighters .
they aim to buy the shares back at a cheaper price at a later date , and then pocket the difference when they return the shares to their original owner .
democrats will try again in 2016 to make maryland one of the few states in the nation that require employers to provide paid sick leave for workers .
`` i ' ve told people , i think bernie sanders is like donald trump with a fully developed brain , '' he said .
eu sources and lawyers say it would be surprise if the firm received any significant fines in the european union .
`` the stars in the sky , when we look at them , there ' s no sense of depth , '' she said .
out of the 24 or so bills that are being introduced across the country this week , some have been tried in previous sessions , and others are breaking new ground .
of course , a lot of things have gone into the broad sense that young people don ' t expect to join a firm in their 20s and stay there for life .
the united states provides services ( schools and hospitals ) for the refugees as well as for the citizens of host countries .
foreign investment can dry up , as money managers avoid putting their cash into an economy they might not be able to take it out of .
the airline claims that since it started flying to boston from the uk last year , it had reduced industry - wide prices on the route by 14 per cent .
eu leaders have pledged 3 billion euros ( $ 3 . 3 billion ) to turkey to help care for syrian refugees , as part of measures aimed at reducing the numbers of refugees leaving turkey and heading for europe .
his comments will anger moderate labour mps who fear mr corbyn in trying to change party ' s policy on defence .
at the time , chinese markets had been among the world ' s worst - performing for six years - indeed they had not recovered from their collapse during the global financial crisis .
what other club of tottenham ' s size would give a teenage midfielder 30 appearances before the end of january ?
however it is important we focus on one game at a time , respect our opposition and play with no fear .
`` there ' s not many guys , if any , at the point guard level that ' s better than him , '' james said .
here is what it will do if re - elected with a majority : it will continue its campaign to break up the united kingdom .
`` the president will be focused on finishing strong on his foreign policy agenda , '' the senior administration official told reuters .
but , i say to myself , it is the reality of what we have got today versus the risk of tomorrow .
when i came here , i didn ' t know there were two rounds in the semi - final of the capital one cup .
it ' s illegal to drive on little or no sleep , but we have to go to work , '' she told the telegraph .
the condemned men , the statement said , `` had fair and public trials , '' as well as access to lawyers and appeals .
in early 2009 , after president obama appointed clinton as secretary of state , israel had hoped to succeed her in the senate .
the bottom line , though , is that consumers have also got to start taking more responsibility for the protection of their digital assets .
we are not going to overcome that when people don ' t have a safe place for children to lay their heads at night .
`` the most important thing is that i ' ll be returning some day , '' she says , almost overcome by tears .
so we have to go back to our share of the market , '' a source familiar with iranian thinking said .
`` the option was given to us whether we wanted to come back straight away after the world cup or have a rest , '' says ford .
we need action from ministers , regulators , service providers and businesses themselves if we want to stay competitive in future .
the escape has led to a blame game between officials in the previous and current government and an investigation of prison personnel .
`` until now , a scientific advance like this was a dream of science fiction , but it could open up many new applications tomorrow , '' officials write in a press release .
mr cruz then compared his record on abortion to that of mr trump , telling the audience that he had `` 17 , 000 pro - life activists `` standing with his campaign .
there has been plenty of that this season ; the most competitive for years and with spurs preparing to face leicester city tonight .
yet the note closed on thursday with a yield of 2 . 27 percent , barely higher than the 2 . 17 percent at the end of 2014 .
however anti - nuclear campaigners are now focusing on the longer term and believe the real battle is to get enough support within labour to change the party ' s stance ahead of the 2020 election .
he won the next point , finally taking advantage of his fourth break point of the game to go up 4 - 2 .
in just a few weeks , hundreds of families caught up with their late payments , in one case paying € 5 , 800 , he said .
asked what kind of messages he was trying to send to his girls , the swiss said sunday night : `` i mean , i have had those conversations with them , you know , that hard work brings you somewhere .
you can ' t just say , i ' m going to get along with this small group , because you won ' t be able to function that way .
it was a ' perfect storm of human error ' but did not equal criminal activity by the officers involved .
at the start of the season , it was really hard when we had such a bad run of league results after being champions last season .
i ' ll know exactly what it is when we get it looked at further , but i know for a fact we ' ve got to fix something .
the toronto player , who owns a record 88 titles overall , fell to 1 - 4 in australian open finals over his career .
it ' s not quite harry potter but there ' s magic and a british boy so it ' s kind of the same .
there are a dozen more possibly buried under the debris but it ' s quite difficult to take the bodies out because it ' s too dangerous .
still , some politicians and labor experts believe that this doesn ' t need to be such an either - or ­ situation , nor one that regulators solve by themselves .
according to the findings of an independent inquiry released this week , the polls failed to predict the outcome of last may ' s general election as they failed to question enough conservative voters .
the national theatre of scotland will join forces with one of new york ' s leading theatre companies to mark its return to the edinburgh international festival this summer - with a show inspired by the debate over scottish independence .
and lower oil prices should be good news for advanced economies , because that leaves their consumers with more money to spend on other stuff .
the associated press reported that the relatives said he acted on his own and called on the man to turn himself in .
it wasn ' t obvious that there was a way for him to spend that time doing something else that was better paid .
`` i was not a responsible leader , and as such do not feel myself guilty , '' the german wrote .
but it is also a struggle for many families whose commitment to their faith forces them into lives of poverty .
trump explained his thinking in a statement : `` we have more than 20 , 000 people that showed up for 1 , 400 spots .
the province ' s economic output is expected to grow more than 2 per cent this year , higher than the national average .
clinton , who lost the democratic primary to obama in 2008 , was for months the clear front - runner to be the party ' s nominee this time around , but opinion polls have showed a surge of support for sanders in recent weeks .
the money was used to build a new shop next the village hall , seen as a better location as it is on the main road .
the organisation wants the laws to apply to developments with more than 10 apartments , but the state government will ultimately have the final say .
this will clearly help scottish businesses and consumers , as will a renewed focus on greater cross - border co - operation in research and development .
even when we beat rangers [ in the third round ] i wasn ' t thinking about the final even though we are getting closer now .
netflix announced earlier this week that it is launching in more than 100 new countries , meaning it now covers almost all of the world .
in 2015 , cyber - attacks on some of britain ' s largest companies resulted in the theft of sensitive customer data and the loss of tens of millions of pounds .
its foreign ministry said the government was committed to a `` sustained dialogue process `` and that india had shared leads on the assault .
president obama said thursday that while he and his wife michelle obama were campaigning in iowa , the first lady indicated that she would have wanted a gun if the couple lived in a rural area .
`` to achieve this for a second time ultimately speaks to the determination of this president , of this government , and a growing capacity of the mexican state in terms of intelligence , '' he said .
we are urging the scottish government to work with senior figures across the public sector , and , where possible , the private sector to tackle the problem .
the interim constitution does not say what will happen if the draft is voted down , leading to more uncertainty .
as mayor , she said , she will try to build consensus and focus on what the city needs : `` i try really hard to hear what ' s being said - and not being said , '' she explained .
test the waters with a three - generation trip to one of britain ' s best family - friendly hotels .
it ' s also a lot more likely to go from fantasy to reality than most people - including most establishment democrats - understand .
`` he never really wanted an award for doing what was only natural and the right thing to do , '' she said .
when you looked out the window during take off or landing you felt like you could look into the living rooms of people .
he has brought much - needed stability to our organization , and i look forward to progress that will be made under his leadership .
this was meant to show `` the severe impact of an open border `` and wasn ' t meant to show our actual border .
the researchers took into account that years of record temperatures are likely to occur together as climate patterns often extend from one year to another .
this was murray ' s best match yet at the open by a considerable margin and it earned his fifth ticket to the very sharp end of the tournament .
`` that wealth effect will still be there for many consumers , but not perhaps at the pace it was , '' he said .
the only thing i can worry about is how i can continue to get these guys prepared and get them playing better basketball because we know we can much be better .
the use of negative interest rates in countries such as sweden and switzerland has also shown that central bank rates can go lower than convention suggests .
i don ' t think that ' s like myself to do , but sometimes it ' s a little bit too much to keep in .
i ' ve got two weeks until i ' m due but i ' ve really enjoyed staying on air and sharing my pregnancy with viewers who have enjoyed it as well .
we ' ll see if we can narrow that window , or if we need to shift the window , based on this evening ' s model data .
`` it ' s great to see so many girls picking up a bat and ball , and it ' s exciting this will only continue to grow , '' '' she said .
in the crowd tonight one expects to see ferguson , one of the key figures in paul ' s career but someone whom tom was too young to appreciate when his father was still at united .
if we can all continue what we ' ve been doing over this past year , we ' re going to get in that team room and be pretty excited about who is next to us .
the muslim population is set to rise further as a result of the unprecedented surge in refugees from middle eastern and north african countries trying to reach western europe in the past year .
but the last three games we ' ve been working on ways to stop that sort of thing and it ' s worked well .
we ' re proud to be at the heart of digital life in scotland and look forward to bringing high - speed services to some of our most remote communities in 2016 .
they want to know what schools are doing to handle children ' s fear , and what the consequences are for keeping kids home .
she has since gone into hiding but has posted on facebook : `` not once have i said i have the winning ticket .
sanders , who suggested on several occasions in 2011 that it would be healthy if someone ran against obama from the left , is seen as even less social .
four other passengers are believed to be inside the boat , which wasn ' t approved by south korean authorities to fish in the country ' s waters , the official said .
the good thing with the muscle injury is he could start to run and all the others things he needs , but not play football .
he asks voters if they have ever been `` burned `` by a politician , and promises that if he is elected they won ' t be .
i ' ve been captain of every team i ' ve played for and hopefully that says something about the type of person i am .
they forecast much higher numbers than those who applied to the earlier 2012 program , largely because many more are eligible .
`` when i first came out , my attitude was like night and day to what it is now , '' he added .
in a debate where one of sanders ' s most important goals was to fire up his supporters in the early primary states , his was a good answer .
about 5 percent of u . s . consumers own a smart watch , with more than 8 million sold last year .
we were in it , but we got down more in the ( fourth ) quarter and could not come back .
they have been able to put pressure on this campus and make a difference - and change it for the better .
his most recent average in the national polls stands at around 9 percent - still good for fourth place overall , but with basically no forward momentum .
any crowd that gets on your back makes it difficult but you are going to get that if things aren ' t going well .
`` we always look for ­ research where we can see a channel all the way to the end product , '' he said .
unfortunately , no iowa poll has been published since before christmas , so it ' s hard to know what ' s happening there right now .
a total of 38 residents were in the building at the time and seven staff members moved them to another part of the home within 15 minutes , a spokeswoman for the home said .
more than a third of injuries among kids ages five to 10 years were head or neck injuries , a higher proportion than for older kids .
if it could be the scottish cup this year , that would be for these guys as big as nine - in - a - row was for our team .
israeli media reported that only about 50 percent sent their children to school on sunday , the first day of the israeli week .
if the u . s . continues to add jobs at steady pace in january and february , investors believe the federal reserve could call for another interest rate hike at its meeting in march .
mr cameron will also continue the talks with eu leaders at a conference on the syria conflict in london early next month .
if we ' ve learned anything over the course of this campaign , it ' s that donald trump is doing better than anyone expected .
the proposals in the tory paper launched today entitled the gold standard - a world class education for every child .
it ' s good that they ' ve been at this point already , and they know what it feels like .
united said its pre - tax profit margin for the fourth quarter will be between 9 . 75 percent and 10 . 75 percent , within the range of its prior guidance of a 9 . 5 percent to 11 . 5 percent margin .
you ' re trying to figure out how you can stop the worst of the behavior at the lowest - possible price .
`` it was pretty full on and it ' s crazy how far the video has gone ; we became famous overnight , '' he said .
we think they will still come and we ' ll have security on the door like usual , '' he said .
when asked to split the payments and get money to hard - pressed farmers last autumn , scottish ministers did what they normally do - blame someone else .
the australian dollar has fallen to a fresh two week low after weak manufacturing data raised concerns about the chinese economy .
what makes you angry : i am not an angry person - there are probably things that make me frustrated more than angry .
belgian police said late on thursday three people were being held for questioning as part of an investigation into the plot .
but so many years after the fact , the pursuit of justice in such cases is far more complicated than merely bringing a suspect to court .
those are the type of things we ' re developing within the group , and it ' s a long - term thing .
a woman i worked for once said that if you can get excited about 75 per cent of your job , that ' s great .
the three parties agreed to strengthen sanctions , and u . s . secretary of state john kerry is expected to raise the issue again during his visit to beijing this week .
as anybody who has been in london and had to change plans at the last minute , these prices are more than competitive .
and yet the company had struggled for 15 years with very little interest in its technology - until the rest of the world finally caught up with it .
the toronto police service has a pilot project to test them and will decide this year whether to expand their use .
`` i ' ve seen it obviously in other sports , but not really in tennis , '' said murray yesterday .
and it has certainly been widely talked about that the treasury thought the regulator was over doing it in favour of the consumer and , certainly from my point of view on the treasury select committee , i thought otherwise .
it just means the fed has convinced people that it will continue to raise rates in the face of well below - target inflation .
in its final session for 2015 last thursday , the local market finished lower , but that followed nine straight sessions of gains .
the couple met at an army base in germany when they were both 18 , married , moved to the united states and had three children .
i am delighted with our growth through 2015 , which provides an excellent base for further development of our business .
a big challenge , but one which will ultimately push the bloc ' s members closer together , audiences were told over and over again .
a couple of hours later , the man drove back toward town , took murray ' s gold ring and watch , left cigarettes in her car , and fled .
a parks spokesman said there is currently no funding for the projects , but the point is to put themselves in a good position for when the funding might become available .
despite all of that negative attention , kelly showed why she is the face of fox news on thursday night .
but at the same time , we have to walk a fine line between giving the media what it wants and running our business .
what percentage of these voters will turn out in iowa new hampshire and south carolina next month as the voting starts ?
in its story , bloomberg reported that a google witness had revealed that the revenue share between google and apple was 34 percent at one point .
by 2020 , all self - employed workers and small businesses will have a tax profile online that is similar to an internet bank account , which keeps up - to - date records of the amount of tax paid .
after all , no welsh , irish or scottish side has qualified for the quarter - finals where there are five english and three french clubs .
i know there ' s a lot of money involved and everything , but at the end of the day , it ' s about entertainment and having fun .
south carolina is considered an important voting state with its third - in - the - nation primary election scheduled for feb .
chinese officials have told their american counterparts that they were not informed of the timing of the test and that it came as a surprise .
the criminal investigation will focus on the company ' s prior food safety practices as well as its response to the mid - 2015 outbreak , the wall street journal reported .
and i don ' t know why i ' m meeting him , to be honest , but i do have respect for him .
maybe it is the £ 1 , 500 rent charged for new year ' s eve that convinced mrs jones .
we ' ve never once put together an offer involving kevin , nor have we taken a call on an offer for kevin .
i have had many challenges in my life but i thought i was over them , that the difficulties were behind me .
but united are pushing on with plans to strengthen before re - engaging with their battle for survival in the 17 league games they have left .
a lot of people out there say : `` i want to see the pictures , '' but i ' ve already seen them .
it said : `` when we cash in an investment product , the settlement value is based on that day ' s price .
this produced an effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 31 . 7 % , compared to 29 . 4 % for the prior quarter .
that relative strength would be consistent with what what was seen in the wider retail industry during the early part of the holiday season .
ms sturgeon ' s letter to the prime minister calls for a three - way agreement between the scottish and uk governments and the local councils to be struck quickly .
the witness , who can not be named for legal reasons , alleged that `` nick `` had `` stolen `` details from other survivors `` accounts after they appeared in court records and press interviews - and presented them as his own .
we ' ve got a lot of work that ' s being done just now to protect communities from the harsh effects of flooding .
that ' s the legacy one would want to leave - that you made people feel good at a time when maybe they weren ' t feeling so good .
parker said he made the film for his four children , so that he could look them in the face and know that he had done his best to make art and teach the past .
the jury did not reach a verdict on all charges at edwards ' 2012 trial but the justice department dropped remaining counts .
1 after a long battle with cancer , michael gordon , the firm ' s other co - founder and chief investment officer , wrote in the email .
it is almost up to our drive and it ' s forecast to rain the next few days , which could be a real issue .
when you have guys that are above 10 years in the league at critical positions , your window is very short .
in 2016 its investors will be looking to some of the companies it has bought to begin producing new hits that can deliver growth .
news of the planned launch comes amid discussions among un security council members for fresh sanctions against the north after it conducted its fourth nuclear test on january 6 .
his team claims that they ' ve had more direct contact with voters than anyone else - a statement that almost every campaign makes at some point .
the 36 - year - old actress revealed the news friday on instagram , less than a month after announcing her engagement .
at the same time its domestic print newspaper faces the sharp decline in advertising that has hit the newspaper industry in the last year .
rose said , `` this is the first time i ' ve been on a team like this where we ' re going through this problem .
rubio is the top second choice with 20 percent support , followed by 17 percent for cruz and 11 percent for carson .
in a statement , the giants said : `` we are aware of the situation and will continue to monitor it .
back then , there wasn ' t any social security , so his grandmother went to work to support her three young children .
federal police have identified 31 suspects by name , of whom 18 are asylum - seekers , the german interior ministry said on friday .
hammond was also banned from driving for two years after he leaves jail , and will have to sit an extended re - test before taking to the roads again .
all told , this was a solid display more than spectacular , the kind that promises much more , if only an opportunity would be presented .
last year its defence budget increased by 18 per cent on 2014 to £ 6 . 6 billion , with the initial budget for the national guard put at £ 51 - 60 million .
this question is fundamental to our success - collaboration between government and business should be at the heart of all that we do .
if disaster response experts have one message to those in storm - targeted areas , it ' s to prepare anyway .
with many western export credit agencies also having left iran , iranian executives still have problems opening letters of credit , which are vital for trade , with an iranian address .
you have so much talent and so much potential but it won ' t mean a thing if you do not believe in yourself .
when you take that step then we always pay a price because then there is a new element entering the conflict which would be much harder to control .
the final decision on whose image will be chosen will be made following a public vote running from tomorrow until next sunday .
my first impression of league two is that it seems to be a good league , with a lot of good players , really experienced .
at the same time , supporters of capital punishment are seeking support for an initiative to speed up the execution process .
for saturday , that area of storm activity will still be a concern at least through the northern half of nsw including the sydney region in the morning , and also into south east queensland .
she has created a software tool that allows users to assess how buildings can be made more sustainable , protected and cost effective to its effects .
it said that growth of exports between member states during the common market was 4 . 7 per cent but has fallen to 3 per cent in the single market , the research said .
`` the united states will do what is necessary to protect people in our country and our friends and allies in the world , '' kerry said .
he called bush ' s goal of cutting the u . s . department of education by half `` aggressive `` but possible .
it was her call to action , for herself , and for me and for our family to be a part of the solution .
he said : `` it ' s important that we use these two matches effectively and give opportunities to those who may not have had as many as they would have liked in the previous campaign .
it ' s getting harder and harder for people to live within their means or with the amount of debt they have .
by then it is our intention that all businesses of any importance should be in the hands of the british people .
`` it ' s basically a parking lot - the entire county , '' he said of prince george ' s county .
the pipeline , submitted for approval more than seven years ago , `` would not serve in the national interest of the united states , '' he said .
but if you missed it , they won ' t fine you - as long as you don ' t miss the january 31 filing deadline .
it was when the democratic national committee announced the rules for the debates , at the beginning of august , that i became certain i would try .
if the economy turns down , one of the things they won ' t cut back on is opportunities for their kids .
30 , officials have suggested they will push separate legislation that would increase transparency around similar negotiations in the future .
the panel , which has been criticized before by tobacco control activists for apparent conflict of interest as one of its members owns a tobacco business , sent a list of 32 questions to the federal ministry in october .
dallas police said in a statement that they were in the preliminary stages of the investigation and would not comment further .
they come from experiences that are probably pretty similar to each other , and that crowds out diversity of thought .
16 to hear arguments from air quality management district and gas company officials and then take a vote on the order .
`` a few months ago , i directed my team at the white house to look into any new actions i can take to help reduce gun violence , '' obama said .
and to be playing in super bowl 50 , i can not tell you how unique of an opportunity that is for both teams to be playing in , especially ( given ) how i feel .
we ' re hoping we ' ll be able to make up for lost opportunities , but we just don ' t know yet .
in terms of a level that i ' ve played , it ' s the match to forget for me , '' said djokovic .
he served as a junior minister and deputy leader of the commons after labour won power and stood down as an mp at the 2010 election .
i ' ve spoken above about a few who are on the us stock exchange , because they have to make their profits and revenues public .
`` as big as this game is , you can ' t make it bigger than it is , '' he said .
and let ' s assume obama keeps this promise come 2018 , when more vulnerable senate democrats are on the ballot .
he also has missed two games this season due to a left ankle injury and one game because of a left knee injury .
the technology does not allow charging to be done over the air , but requires phones to be placed on a special surface .
many rebel groups have expressed a desire to participate in the talks , some with conditions , but it ' s impossible for them all to have a seat at the table .
but his intense focus on cuba explains a lot about who rubio is - and how , as a potential commander in chief , he sees the united states `` role in the world .
officials believe there are more than 1 , 000 islamic state supporters in indonesia , and say that between 100 and 300 have returned from syria , though this includes women and children .
for the year , 35 were for oil and 27 were for gas , which , when combined , mark a 38 percent increase from the previous year .
he ' s too good of a player not to do that against and not a guy you want to get behind against either .
republican lawmakers who control both houses of the u . s . congress see the plans for new sanctions as a test of the obama administration ' s resolve .
i am 100 percent happy with my college choice and now me and many of my teammates are leaving and i hope to see them all in the nfl .
there is considerable evidence that donald trump has built his national lead in the republican president primary on a powerful combination of economic anxiety , frustration with washington and , in particular , concerns over immigration .
they had massive events with thousands of people , but only a handful of staff able to capture the data and make the phone calls to capture the organization .
but when asked about the implications of no children being born in the country for two years , the vice health minister acknowledged that it might not be the worst thing .
in the past three weeks , secretary of state john kerry has referred to the goal of negotiating an end to the syrian conflict as a `` settlement `` four times .
perhaps the biggest defense against terrorism isn ' t just to demonstrate that we can go on with business as usual ; it ' s to use terrorism as an occasion for addressing actual safety concerns that we can control .
`` i ' m super excited to start my 2016 campaign in australia in such an international field , '' said ferguson ahead of wednesday ' s first round .
i ' m not going to stand here and say everybody was looking for a 14 or 16 - team league .
she didn ' t want to throw him out on the street but give him time to find somewhere else to live .
it would also take europe ' s focus away from its other struggles , which continue to demand urgent attention .
we were worried that brazil ' s regulators would take too much time , china would want an arm and a leg and australia would want the head .
but our effort wasn ' t enough it was one of those games where you just had to take care of the ball .
around 95 homes were destroyed , along with the post office , shops and the town ' s fire station , said local media .
the website continues to get hits from all over the world , and we have both uk and international buyers .
as i was leaving the restaurant [ to help the injured ] , i saw a man running - afterwards i realised he was the terrorist .
the 37 - year - old actress opened up about her personal life in the february issue of more magazine .
`` unfortunately , the writing did not go as fast or as well as i would have liked , '' he wrote .
while i would love to have the system up and running , i know they are working hard to safely do so .
`` he ' s been playing word games and choosing his words very carefully by saying he `` hadn ' t signed `` anything .
she said : `` there is no doubt the industry is currently facing an extremely challenging outlook , but oil and gas can continue to make a significant contribution to the scottish economy and energy security for decades to come .
he was the only player from either team to score in double figures and was named the tournament ' s outstanding player .
we may have to start at 3 o ' clock in the morning and travel six or seven hours to get to this particular tournament .
it is great to have him back and for him personally it is important because with the six nations coming up he needs game time .
`` i ' ve been to ferguson , i ' ve been trying to look for solutions to our criminal justice problem , '' paul said .
`` a few months ago , i directed my team at the white house to look into any new actions i can take to help reduce gun violence , '' he said on friday .
i don ' t know if he will come back but the united move makes a lot of sense , and all that talk has to be coming from somewhere .
not a lot of [ my rivals here ] know that because they just see you on tv but this is where i started .
in the u . s . , investors were also worried about data suggesting that slow overseas growth and low oil prices are continuing to hurt u . s . manufacturers .
when i was younger , i wanted to be playing in the premier league by a certain age and it doesn ' t just happen .
a 60 - year - old woman has appeared in court charged with forcing a 13 - year - old boy to perform sexual acts on her when she was formerly a man .
i don ' t think the manager here will have that problem because he has a big squad and i ' m not coming here to play every single week and every single game .
a failure to reach a deal within this limit would lead to a new national election , potentially in may or later .
trump said the only time television cameras leave his face and show his crowd is when a protest breaks out .
it will be better to have direct contact with each other and exchange views regarding our goals and values , '' it said in the statement , which was published online .
as reported by the sunday times last week , the first restaurants won ' t open until late next month , but food trucks and pop - up bars will be in place for the opening weeks .
obama spent the evening both defending his recent executive actions on guns in america and responding to audience questions about what they do and do not mean for responsible gun owners .
you and you alone will determine who the other 48 states have to pick from to be president of the united states , '' christie said in manchester .
on saturday official figures showed chinese consumer prices picked up slightly in december but inflation remained about half the government ' s target .
but during her years on the council , she has struggled to win support for that position from her colleagues .
after the call ended , he tweeted out his notes , which briefly made him a figure in press coverage of the campaign .
i have ideas , i know a lot of players outside of my team and i would like to have this one and this one because you imagine it could be better .
danny , 32 , who has recently moved back to glasgow from the united states , told the sun : `` it ' s difficult to find a place to rent within budget .
the claims report showed the number of people still receiving benefits after an initial week of aid fell 56 , 000 to 2 . 21 million in the week ended jan .
we are honest with each other ; but it ' s also obvious if someone isn ' t on their a - game .
he appeared in court on saturday but there was no immediate indication when he would next appear before a judge to face the allegations .
`` on monday night , you are the first people in the entire world who get to express an opinion about who should be president and commander in chief , '' she said .
but there is much we can learn from other countries about creative ideas for government - business collaboration , especially from the united states .
let ' s see what the american people have said with their votes about the leadership of barack obama and hillary clinton .
that ' s what i ' ve tried to do the whole of my career - every down point i ' ve had , every negative i ' ve had , i ' ve tried to use that to come back better .
the other day i saw some statistics about which managers have won this competition and it ' s an achievement which is considered worldwide as a huge achievement .
but warren worried that the senate would take a step back in terms of women ' s voices when republicans took control in 2015 .
george osborne , the chancellor , makes no secret of his wish to correct the mistakes of his predecessor , gordon brown , instead of living in his shadow .
security forces arrested a suspect who was hiding behind the hotel and are still searching for the rest of the group , the ministry said .
`` i turn them over immediately , their pictures and their phone numbers to the palestinian security forces , '' he says .
the survey comes three days before the first presidential voting of 2016 and reflects a late surge by sanders , an independent senator from vermont who was once considered a long shot here .
mr . obama had little doubt that if israel started a conflict , the united states would be unable to stay out .
he worked such long hours in the 15 months he spent preparing his team for the 2012 tour in afghanistan that his executive officer told investigators he had twice informed the commander that he could not keep up .
`` we ' re seeing extreme conditions , unlike anything we ' ve experienced before , just about everywhere we look , '' chief executive tim cook told analysts .
she told sanders -- and the crowd , and the cameras -- how she struggled to get by on `` probably less `` than the $ 12 , 000 figure sanders threw out .
if someone writes to us and says ' well maybe this is not as it should be ' then we will take a look , '' she said .
if the government is serious about reducing unemployment , making it a more tax - friendly environment has to be a priority .
we threw a bit of a party for him with a cake and there ' s another card from the queen , he ' s got quite a few now .
mr . cameron effectively needs to reach a deal in mid - february , when members of the european union will hold a summit meeting in brussels .
a few , a very small minority at the back of the stand where they had scored the goal , made some racist remarks .
she organised it and took care of everyone , and paid for everything , which was such a lovely thing for her to do .
the researchers say they can ' t predict how many people with hiv will have resistance , because their study only included people who failed treatment .
a lot of the native ingredients i ' ll never have again in my life and probably don ' t want to have again .
if i ' ve got to save someone from being stabbed , you want to get there as quickly and as safely as possible .
even when it ' s two or three people on the screen , that is all about relationship , '' she said .
mr king ' s been a good leader but questions about who is in the running to replace him and just how soon this will happen are doing the rounds .
clinton said , as she has in the past , that sanders ' s plans would cost up to $ 20 trillion and would increase the deficit and require higher taxes on the middle class .
in september , los angeles announced a state of emergency and a hundred - million - dollar budget to address the crisis .
`` we lose more who drop off through age and death that come in at the younger end , '' says young .
this incident has once again shown that as a nation we should act as one heart , one body in the fight against terror .
i could party even harder , because i had a team , and i didn ' t have to cook cook any more .
i ' m struggling to see the benefits of the theme park and no one i speak to seems to want it at all .
my dad then got a job in york , in a bank , so we moved up north and i have been there ever since .
without the addition of another debate , voters would not have heard from democratic candidates for nearly a month before the primaries .
the fast - food chain has divided opinion in the us in recent years with its high - profile stance against same - sex marriage .
about 11 , 200 students will be starting year 8 and almost 11 , 500 students will begin year 12 studies in government schools this week .
there ' s no simple solution and just the fact that it ' s receiving so much attention i think ultimately is a very positive thing .
but i can tell you that it ' s not the anti - hillary clinton documentary some conservative media types are making it out to be .
the county can supply only 8 . 8 percent of its budget on its own ; the central government makes up the rest .
though we had a later start this year we managed to get two full weeks in january which was great .
two 10 - year - old students who were struck alongside jordan are in hospital with serious but non - life - threatening injuries , authorities told the associated press .
the researchers are hoping to move quickly to phase three trials to see if it could benefit a larger number of patients .
but american economic sanctions also make it essentially illegal for any u . s . resident to go to cuba and run a business .
but even after 12 months the trust selection here would achieve investment across the uk smaller company sector , global exposure , european and asia focus in particular - and an income yield of 3 . 9 per cent .
[ 1 ] the fund ' s current fiscal year began on january 1 , 2015 , and will end on december 31 , 2015 .
when you buy the ticket , you get a little reward because you ' re thinking about what it might be like .
however , she came close to breaking it when she `` wasn ' t in a very happy place `` in her own life half - way through the series .
christie ' s latest 11 percent figure comes from a july 2015 announcement by the new york police department , according to the new york times .
a deal at the european council of 18 - 19 february is widely seen as essential if mr cameron is to stage his promised in / out referendum before the summer .
`` then they actually made up , they were friendly , '' the witness , who did not want to be named , said .
he also seems to be adding a lot more to his game which can only make him an even better player for celtic .
in the u . s . , it costs roughly $ 36 a barrel to produce a barrel of crude oil , compared to more than $ 40 a barrel in canada and nearly $ 50 a barrel in brazil .
he said much of the global sell - off had been driven by disappointing chinese manufacturing data on monday and a seven per cent fall in the shanghai market .
we didn ' t stay aggressive for 40 minutes on both ends of the floor , but we ' re going to see them again .
`` at times , you can see the benefit of bringing in a player who could help you in january , '' the aberdeen manager said .
the group said one of its militants had died carrying out the suicide bomb attack , but libya authorities have so far not confirmed that detail .
mr trump has hit a new high in us polls with less than a week to go before iowa becomes the first state to vote .
what does seem clear is that the candidate of her choice will be someone who shares her desire for greater campaign spending controls .
police said three arrests were made on saturday for assault but declined to confirm media reports that all three were polish citizens .
the prime minister has promised to secure better terms for the country and to put a new deal to voters by the end of 2017 .
one of google ' s biggest uk shareholders - james anderson - called on the company to pay `` much more `` in british taxes and said it was in its own interest to pay a `` decent `` rate .
we view it as an attempt to put additional pressure on russia in connection with existing differences over a number of international issues .
the dogs had escaped from their home after their owner was taken to the hospital with a medical condition , prompting a police officer to search the neighborhood .
but even that controversial effort wasn ' t able to stem the difficult story of u . s . manufacturing over the past decade .
following a court - ordered schedule , the state department has already released most of the roughly 30 , 000 work emails clinton returned to the department .
he has not played for the international side since the 4 - 1 defeat to colombia at the world cup finals in brazil , a result that saw japan finish last in their group .
the day will come one day but i ' m not going to leave after losing 4 - 0 to barcelona .
this cycle , donald trump took offense to a september new york times report that suggested one of his rallies had empty seats .
but we got our head round the schedule , we ' ve known about it and we certainly won ' t be using that if we don ' t play well .
it ' s the sort of show you write after making a tv show because you have that complete freedom , '' he says .
but it is worth noting that such questions have been around since before the people ' s republic was founded .
the ruling came as britain ' s asylum system was thrown into chaos , prompting david cameron to order a review of the country ' s border security .
we ' ll see how he is doing thursday and if all four are healthy then we have to make that determination come friday or saturday .
new jersey gov . chris christie ( r ) signed it into law last week , just in time for the snow .
but as another high level corporate debt investor recently put it to me , `` when someone says something is contained , you should run the other way .
i felt comfortable , knew what he was trying to do on the court , and he ' s really good at trying to set me up to do what i can do best up at the net .
`` i though that was it , that i would spend the next two decades in prison , away from my wife and daughter , '' he said .
how she worked `` three , four , five jobs sometimes , always minimum wage , '' despite having a college degree .
there was a serious drink problem in edinburgh at that time , far worse than today in scotland , and between 70 to 80 per cent of the crimes were committed because of drink .
`` of course it would but i don ' t want anyone to feel sorry for me , '' he said .
mexican officials also recalled hearing that the constant negative news was affecting not only the country ' s reputation , but also its businesses .
merkel is keen to help cameron win his planned referendum on whether britain should stay in the eu , but she is increasingly fighting for her own political skin in the refugee crisis .
before the president and first lady stepped into the national spotlight when they became a high - powered political couple , barack obama was just a guy , standing in front of a girl , asking her to go out on a date .
i found out about having the illness just a few months earlier , after i started working for this firm .
the two children said other children were abused in a similar fashion in repeated incidents involving several french soldiers , according to the statement .
the cover of his second study shows the portion of u . s . public schools using ap was 71 percent in 2000 , climbed to 79 percent in 2008 and dropped to 74 percent in 2012 .
mr south , from york , had a long history of depression , and had previously tried to crash a car containing his wife and child , the inquest heard .
if today was the super bowl , then maybe you try the best you can to get out there , but i would have been running at about 75 percent .
she said : `` we ' re not going soft on the banks , we ' re not being told what to do by the government .
he knows that all things being equal his is going to have a really good career with scotland and edinburgh .
`` you don ' t have to say bad things about the other guy to make that point , '' he added .
the only way to reduce the risk , they argue , is to pay more into the pension funds in the first place - a policy taxpayers may not be able to get behind .
this year ' s box office total hit a record height of $ 11 billion , making 2015 the highest - earning domestic year in box office history .
he has also been known to play the pass before the assist ( the `` key `` pass , if you will ) on numerous other occasions .
the president had mentioned the need for broader access to computer science classes in his state of the union address earlier this month , but had not provided much in the way of details until saturday ' s announcement .
`` my family doesn ' t know about my life here , and i wouldn ' t want to tell them , '' he said .
they will consider plans to bar passport - free travel from greece amid growing anger at its failure to control its borders .
when you ' re treated badly , you have to stick up for your rights - whether we like it or not .
you are looking a little bit long - term or medium term but then players fully understand that this football club can be huge and they want to be part of the new building of this football club .
i know that he is usually leaving around that time , so he must have gone to buy something for breakfast .
it also continues to push into new markets with its prime now same - day delivery offering , which is now available in most major u . s . cities , including atlanta , chicago , san francisco and new york .
`` there is so much global competition that when they have a relationship , when they have a level of comfort , it does go a long way , '' he said .
she also said action such as that taken in munich , where two railway stations were closed on new year ' s eve in response to a suspected terrorist threat , would become more likely .
`` we are trying to reduce costs and capital spending and focus on priority , high - quality areas where we see maximum return , '' the spokesman said .
a lot of that is because they were introduced in a safe environment , at an early age , and given good coaching by a concerned parent .
it wasn ' t the olympics , but i had finally earned the right to don a canadian team uniform and march in an opening ceremony with my fellow canadian athletes .
meanwhile , as conservatives shift between the stages , there ' s an effort to figure out how things could have gone so wrong .
we saw a similar phenomenon in the 1990s , when many banks backed the euro , claiming it would be a disaster were we to stay out .
though not on a fly - drive holiday , we decided we would like to see the `` real `` island and proposed hiring a car .
i didn ' t find much evidence that he kept up - to - date with how medicine was developing over the years .
australia ' s peak car industry body is calling on all levels of government to step up their efforts to tackle vehicle emissions .
it ' s a very korean attitude for the government to step in , because it ' s worked in other things .
when the federal reserve raised short - term interest rates in december , it affected the prime interest rate that banks use to set rates on credit cards and other loans .
if you are looking at the last five or six hours of a window then you ' re in trouble .
the number of tickets sold for saturday ' s draw could set a new record with an estimated 40 million people expected to buy tickets .
in 1990 , however , he moved to barcelona , after falling in love with the city during a holiday visit .
and then we ' re getting ready for our volunteer program in pennsylvania , ohio , florida , michigan and wisconsin .
county school officials said they are working with local police to `` investigate and , above all , to ensure the safety of students and staff , '' according to a thursday post on facebook .
he would want to know about my love life , about whom i was going out with - at the stage of the relationship i ' d got to , why wasn ' t i doing this or that ?
it makes a certain amount of sense that kasich , for whom the old system had meant so much , would be among the politicians left holding on the field .
i think out of the group we have we ' ll have two really good centres and a back - up on the bench as well .
police in paris have shot dead an man armed with a knife who seemed to be trying to enter a police station .
the sense that a performance is a contest , a debate that can be won , appeals to lewis ' s competitive nature .
he says the appeals are usually turned down , but that each one means a judge has to schedule a hearing .
the proposed policy , she said , would `` allow enforcement agencies to look at it , and it will allow researchers to get at it .
and this is really to honor these type of men that do this every day - that put themselves in harm ' s way .
but by episode ' s end , these interviews are revealed to be building toward questions about what the couples think of chelsea ' s marriage chances .
if you ' re the sort who needs hot and cold entertainment on tap , organised activities and an extensive menu this is not the place for you .
`` i know that i wouldn ' t be where i am today without having a foundation in education , '' obama said .
the transfer of new tax - raising powers will see a cut in scotland ' s block grant from the treasury .
metro ' s financial staff is still adding up costs in case the agency becomes eligible for federal disaster relief .
that ' s why what we ' ve seen from the administration is a lot of two steps forward , one step back .
the national economic statistics agency on friday released the annual figures , which saw just 0 . 2 percent growth in the final quarter of 2015 compared with the previous three months .
it turned out that we needed to get away from the cold , too , but i had no part in setting it up or anything like that .
rubio ' s been running an odd campaign , focused more on his national presence than in any of the early states .
there are higher expectations here that there were at united , but i wouldn ' t want it any other way .
most of the time , people are only interested in it when something has gone wrong : a system has been knocked over , or there ' s been a security breach .
the defence minister should `` direct the same passion and determination to deal with the arab terror and illegal construction in the terrorists ' towns , '' the party said .
he looked around and discovered that the room was almost empty ; alone in the far corner sat a little girl , holding a baby .
`` given what is happening across the country following the flooding , people need help more than ever to heat their homes , '' he said .
hillary clinton proposed a 4 % tax on individuals making more than $ 5 million a year , following her campaign promise to tax the wealthy at higher rates to pay for federal spending .
the american people deserve a president who will respect their constitutional rights - all of them , '' ryan said in a statement .
a week after the announcement , a fox news poll put him at 11 percent to bush ' s 15 percent .
no - one likes parking charges , which often don ' t even guarantee a greater chance of getting a space .
it ' s worth noting , though , that high demand in areas where a storm is about to hit may affect service .
they ' re calling the effort to clear streets today a public safety issue , and say the public is getting in the way .
as soon as i found out how high he could reach , i knew he wasn ' t the one trying to hit us .
it is up to him to go somewhere , get his game time , get his head down , get re - focused on his football and thinking about football only .
the court hearing will end in june and sentences are expected to be handed out before the end of the year .
if the right club comes in we ' ll look at it , if not he ' ll stay here and fight for a place .
`` we saw people coming out from the building and they were in worse condition than us , '' she said .
mrs morgan said : `` i think it ' s a matter for oxford to be honest with you and for the students to have the debate .
obama isn ' t popular overall , meaning his endorsement probably isn ' t a big `` get `` in swing states and districts .
president obama will meet privately with sen . bernie sanders of vermont at the white house on wednesday , the white house says .
of all the factors that shape a person ' s life -- the relationships they develop , the places they live , the family they are born to -- few things have more influence than the decisions they make .
that compared with a loss of $ 40 million and revenues of $ 5 . 37 billion in the same period of 2014 .
but sometimes the trouble with grand period homes is that they are often of a size which doesn ' t particularly fit with modern day living .
`` there is no doubt that a french recognition of the palestinian state will contribute to building peace and stability in the region , '' he said .
many fans of the comic book hero had been hoping the film would get an ' r ' rating , largely out of a stated desire to remain true to the source material .
we are one defeat in eight and when you consider the teams we ' ve played , it ' s a real achievement for us .
so the words of our song reflect how we feel about the state of the nhs but it needs to survive and hopefully we can help to do that .
he said : `` it ' s an alliance that has served us for over half a century and i for one am very much in favour of it .
`` i believe that every kid in this country who has the ability and the desire should be able to get a higher education regardless of the income of his family , '' he said at monday ' s town hall .
by cutting arts funding across the board , the scottish government has sent a message to local authorities who may be considering the same move .
british transport police officers were talking to pupils at a glasgow primary school , minutes away from a busy railway station in the city .
but if everyone here gets nine other people to show up monday night , you will have voted 10 times .
this national charity supports people aged 75 and over and who live alone and is currently looking for more volunteers in glasgow .
the usa was scotland ' s top international export country market , while exports from scotland to the rest of uk were estimated at £ 48 . 5 billion - up £ 1 . 5 billion over the year .
saudi arabia , you see , has been flooding the market with cheap crude to try to drive its high - cost competitors out of business , but that isn ' t as easy as it used to be .
`` i think it was the most talking we ' ve had this whole year , '' toronto forward james johnson said of the defensive communication .
at another point in the debate he seemed to be struck completely off guard when a question was asked of him .
over the period 2012 - 2015 , it is estimated that 75 per cent of the deaths of women as a result of violence were at the hands of someone they knew .
`` my thoughts for the final stage are to simply keep doing what i ' ve been doing over the past six months , '' he added .
my father was chief among those who thought i was crazy for giving up a stable job at a well - established magazine .
speaking before wednesday ' s announcement , mr . stewart said he expects the federal government to treat the oil - by - rail facility like a pipeline and consider how it could allow energy production to increase .
because we are entering 2016 , and i think the court has the potential to place itself in the heart of the political debate that we are going to have in the country .
the 46 - year - old leads the relatively young justice first party , which won the largest number of seats among the opposition in congress .
there once was a community owned bus or two here that took residents out regularly that either couldn ' t drive , didn ' t have a license , or couldn ' t afford a car .
among two - parent families , 31 . 2 percent of women and 34 . 1 percent of men report sleeping less than seven hours .
some of the company ' s investors do not think that would be so bad , if it would mean a taste of facebook ' s success .
my main advice to you is continue to be an outstanding role model for the young ones coming up behind you .
the survey also finds americans have a mixed view of president obama ' s legacy heading into the final year of his presidency .
it ' s one of those nights where you figure out pretty early you ' re not at your best , but you ' ve got to find a way to keep your team in it and i wasn ' t able to do that tonight .
we ' ve got the opportunity to do that and i ' m really looking forward to this week to see how people respond .
`` i would call it as easy as the course could play , '' said the masters and u . s . open champion .
`` my family grounds and roots me because acting gives you a very false sense of self , '' she says .
the military life is full of risk ; the soldier is called upon to take life - and - death decisions under enormous stress .
an alternative may be to extend the restrictions to uk citizens , but that may prove a hard sell at home .
president obama has invited a syrian refugee to sit in the first lady ' s box for the state of the union address on tuesday , the white house said sunday .
it ' s this last part that would force beijing to do what it doesn ' t want to : give up at least some of its control over the economy .
the european commission proposed on thursday allowing eu countries to tax corporate profits at home in some circumstances even if the money has been transferred elsewhere to avoid such payments .
our fans follow the film like a religion , the cars are even better than the ones we had on the original set .
`` as the state department has confirmed , i never sent or received any material marked classified , and that hasn ' t changed in all of these months , '' she said .
the case comes just days after two men from the middle east who came to the united states as refugees were arrested on federal terrorism charges in california and texas last week for supporting islamic militant groups .
that ' s the only way we know how to play , to go forward and , hopefully , we can do enough .
2016 , president obama announced an action that requires companies to report what they pay employees by race and gender .
the first flight landed on the island on saturday , and two flights landed on wednesday , according to china ' s xinhua state news agency .
the minimum pay - out is £ 400 , meaning you need to have saved £ 1 , 600 , and the maximum is £ 3 , 000 , requiring total savings of £ 12 , 000 .
the government has promised that there will be no pay cut for all but one per cent of junior doctors .
the number of people who are working part - time jobs for economic reasons rose from 1 . 1 million to 2 . 1 million .
`` in a funny sort of way , it is a great game for us because we understand if we do not turn up at the weekend and if we perform as we did against newcastle , they will make us pay , '' he says .
`` we wanted to get an early goal and that ' s important , especially at home , '' he said .
i ' ve definitely been putting in extra work as of late , just trying to get my shot back , get my legs back under me .
but it must be said that government investment in china is still a much larger part of the economy than the consumer sector .
we ' ve done it before in terms of the scottish rate of income tax in the 2012 act and i think we can do it again .
at the moment i don ' t think that the clubs looking at him will be at that level and i think he should stay until he is ready to go to the top level .
he was raised christian but converted to islam while serving a five - year prison sentence for robbery , she added .
i was like , `` ok , i ' ll try that , '' '' the 34 - year - old father of four explained .
and the australian share market looks set to open lower after wall street stocks fell more than two per cent .
and while the company is reportedly working on a car , what it plans to do in that area and when are still unclear .
`` we ask the people to watch us , to demand more of us , and keep an eye on what we do to make sure that we honor our commitment , '' he said .
she added : `` this is a complex issue which affects the whole of the uk and we ' re working closely with scotland ' s medical schools to achieve progress .
federal reserve policy makers said wednesday they are keeping close watch over financial and global developments , as they assess how much of a threat they pose to their economic outlook .
but while `` passion investments `` can yield big pay days , like any investment they can carry a lot of risk .
`` i obviously wasn ' t happy about the switch , because it was more work for me , '' he said .
the manager will obviously have his thoughts for the [ liverpool ] game and hopefully i ' m involved in some respect .
it makes sense to buy either a one - day , two - day or three day pass to match your length of stay .
after the 2015 season , johnson told several teammates that he was considering retirement because of football ' s physical demands on his body .
`` this has been one of the black holes in the hong kong - mainland legal relationship , '' mr . young said by telephone .
we ' ve got to start doing it at home cause we ' re a little better on the road right now .
he ' s a great person to have about : he is a good guy and a brilliant rugby player , so he ' ll definitely have had a positive effect on the edinburgh boys .
if a friend or family member is in need of a helping hand you should make it your business to reach out to them .
jordan shares some of his past work as well as his new roles for a number of upcoming films being released in 2016 .
australian bond future prices opened higher on monday after global stock markets ended their worst five - day start to a year on friday .
mr corbyn said britain should be part of a european - wide effort to help the people affected by the crisis .
that merely added to the over - riding sense of frustration for the head coach who knows this was , in fact , an opportunity missed .
for the first time since the australian open started , people were actually focusing on what was going on on the court rather than off it .
crime in atlantic city may have dropped , but it is still among the most dangerous new jersey cities , according to the police data .
it was a friday night and when i stood up off my bed , my legs just kind of gave way under me .
however , he added : `` there remains a substantial gap between demand and supply with the latest figures showing a further decline in the number of properties available for sale .
but the states rejected the prosecutor ' s request for 46 million euros ( $ 50 million ) and instead approved 43 million euros .
he ' s very much part of the squad here but he ' s not been able to get into the team and we both feel he needs games .
it was totally expected that young men would go to the centre of the capital as that is the best place to celebrate new year ' s eve .
but to say that democrats are experiencing the same kind of phenomenon as republicans is to miss a key point .
we ' ve been doing well this season and the scottish cup is another good opportunity for us to do well .
uber , which allows customers to book and pay for a taxi on their smartphones , and would have been hit by such steps , welcomed the decision .
it used that majority to conduct a three - year referendum campaign , and then to hold the referendum in september 2014 .
she declined to comment after emerging from a meeting with mr corbyn , having earlier admitted that her job was in doubt .
of course , it ' s not going to be that easy for the average consumer to use effectively as it is right now .
the most important thing we ' re teaching right now is the rules and regulations for commercial operations of flying drones in canada .
the size of the shadow - banking system , which can significantly reduce the cost of credit , has been estimated as high as $ 67 trillion .
`` this will dramatically improve the behavior of inmates and set them on a path that would make them be ready to be good citizens when they go back out in the world , '' brown said .
i wasn ' t married , and i didn ' t have a boyfriend so i didn ' t have to care about anyone else ' s feelings or protect anyone ' s heart .
when i looked at the board [ this morning ] , we had a lot runs and i thought we were in good position anyway .
with scotland returning to work today it should signal a change of focus for our parliament : it ' s time to get on with the day job .
30 ( upi ) -- facebook moved to ban private gun sales on the social network as well as mobile photo app instagram on friday .
real release their 10 - point official statement , putting their side of the story and saying united had effectively blocked the transfer from being completed .
i got twice the usual page views on my blog last week just by raising the issue of her early teaching results .
human rights watch , which reported on interviews with 25 children fighting in syria , said that children growing up in militant groups grow up fast .
people have been on their backs , saying they wait until they need to turn it on but the quality is obviously there .
the 30 - second spot , which aides said will debut friday in iowa , makes no mention of democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton , but the contrast the vermont senator is attempting to draw seems pretty clear .
but no generation of americans can escape history , and each generation is called upon to build a better foundation for the next .
`` that ' s on my mind , that ' s all i been thinking about , '' he said , according to the fbi .
she said : `` in an increasingly complex world the best may not be those who look and sound like ourselves .
the aim would be to ensure that over 80 per cent of stations around london have trains running every 15 minutes , compared to just 67 per cent now .
it ( the final ) is in my home city and it is something i have wanted to do since i was a kid .
we have very good board members now and it ' s a good thing we have all asian faces on the board , so its looking very positive .
how many years did they have people challenging what they thought was wrong with it and they still didn ' t get it right ?
`` we pay tax based on the value added by the economic activity of our staff here , '' a google spokesman said .
we want 14 or 15 potentially good players who , when they ' re needed , can go into the line - up .
i think he is just a bit low on confidence at the moment with the new signing coming in and he is worried about his place .
the nrl backs that up with severe penalties and players are well aware of what doing the right thing looks like .
it invested $ 65 million last january in the cambridge , massachusetts - based start - up and took an 18 percent stake in when the company went public last summer .
now , china hasn ' t quite reached that point , but it has gotten to the one where there aren ' t as many people moving to the cities as before .
the market is expected to grow at an increasing growth rate throughout the forecast period , due to the increased government investments , especially is developing countries , for providing better healthcare facilities by improving food safety testing and environmental testing processes .
this is `` not good for virginia - and i ' m not willing to be a party to that `` he protests .
despite the recovery , it was a significant fall from around positive the 70 percent sentiment rating it had earlier in the year , according to thomson reuters social media sentiment engine .
the guards spokesman said the militants were 30 - 40 km ( 19 - 25 miles ) from the port , which they also targeted on monday in an attack that left seven guards dead and 25 wounded .
the band is usually surrounded by a lot of people that work with them , particularly out on the road .
he was hoping to return to action during his team ' s current five - game road trip , which ends wednesday in atlanta , but that plan was abandoned when he returned to los angeles on sunday .
an earlier immigration program that gave similar relief to children of illegal immigrants who grew up in the united states showed that such policies take time to implement .
it could be that the schools contribute nothing to the problem of the gender gap - it could be that the gender gap is mostly caused by different family circumstances .
it is a good challenge for us and we have to be smart and think of other ways to break them down .
o ' barry and his lawyer said he is accused of lying to officials about his activities on a previous trip to japan .
i didn ' t want to play if i wasn ' t somewhat prepared , so i worked really hard in the off season to try and catch up a bit .
i want to say thanks to the fans because it ' s obviously pretty incredible that they would do something like that .
asked whether she would examine the situation , the commissioner said : `` that is way too early to say because i don ' t know the details of the deal .
of all the comments that wound up on the cutting room floor , there were two in particular that i wish i could have included .
he referred to a number of recent incidents in which it seemed the police force had started `` to pick on `` martin .
yahoo shares fell 0 . 2 percent to $ 32 . 28 , far below a 12 - month high of $ 50 . 41 .
post white house , she became the first female senator for the state of new york before seeking a failed 2008 bid for the presidential nomination .
alan had a big influence on me coming here and probably that [ playing for scotland ] was a long - term goal .
a federal judge had ordered the agency to release all of clinton ' s emails by the end of this month .
its parliament of 120 members currently includes 10 parties , elected from a single voting district covering the entire country .
it has been said that jones might bring through one of his coaches to take over after 2019 but i can ' t see that really .
according to indian media reports , he has been named in a series of criminal cases involving allegations of violence .
the good , old lunch box is all about providing a good variety of food for my kids to eat , with a balance that will provide them with good energy to get them through the day .
in tokyo , a japanese government source said the satellite images indicated the launch might be a week away , the japan times reported .
this is a big year for me , and i wanted to improve and get better , and that ' s what i did .
we took the two most popular bonus features , and allowed the player to choose their favourite way of winning .
he was known for his love of tennis , which he continued to play until less than a month before his death .
it ' s sort of a box that ' s been created to serve the economic infrastructure and not the best interests of the citizens .
over 17 years , i ' ve remained in touch with high school friends and we get together a few times a year .
it has life - and - death implications , and all the residents of the district of columbia should treat it that way .
now this debate is only going to grow in my view and companies like google , which from my understanding of them want to be good global corporate citizens , they are going to have to address this question in a very serious way .
is is correct that neither new jersey nor ohio ranked as high as florida did under bush in net jobs numbers or in growth rate under christie ' s or kasich ' s terms .
sanders argued that clinton , despite having been secretary of state for four years , was not better prepared for the presidency than he is .
when you are looking at a four - month loan , you have to consider going to a team where you think you will settle in straight away .
the criminal investigations began after a series of banks paid billions of pounds to uk and us regulators in fines for their part in the scandal .
i have never had a match like that at this stage so i could say it is the best win of my whole career .
however , day broke when they were only three miles from the camp , and charles decided to pull back , having lost the element of surprise .
`` the department of education is working closely with nsw police after several schools received threats this morning , '' the spokesman said .
the light blue bars below show our estimate of the number of additional background checks conducted in kentucky relative to the overall total .
on the economic front , the all - important u . s . employment report expected friday will close a week that includes key data on factory activity and construction spending , car sales , services sector growth and inflation .
the document , which serves as a basis for planning strategy related to national security by different state bodies , does not mention syria .
christie ' s second option was to kill the old atlantic city instead of just waiting for it to die .
many of their workers are chinese migrants who ' ve come to the city to take advantage of the country ' s economic boom .
it is nothing to do with a debate about time limits , and is out of step with the majority of public opinion .
it will be a big surprise if , in iowa on monday , bush ' s share of the vote makes it into double figures .
under the partnership , the team of private companies would complete the design and build the line over five years and then operate and maintain it for 30 years .
we realize she ' s a unique talent out there and we ' re just trying to find a more accurate combination that will provide better results .
we need to be more alert , '' wrote a club member in one of dozens of similar comments handed over to the embassy at the same time as the petition .
as older voters are more likely to vote , this could be good news for the `` leave `` campaign .
my duty was to take care of my family , never to tell anything that went on in my home , everything was a secret .
it ' s in soil and water and all around the place , you can ' t get rid of it everywhere .
`` when people ask that question about surprise , they assume we know something about the election , '' paul said .
`` they struggled to get back on structure and get into shape from chaos , '' mitchell said of the eagles performances in england .
obama said the measures would not prevent every mass shooting or violent crime , but they did have the potential to save lives .
`` you lose nine games in a row , i just think it ' s good for everybody , '' mitchell said .
she is now preparing for perhaps her most difficult challenge : defending her title at the rio olympics this summer .
the 29 - year - old has fallen out of favour with the dutch side , having been suspended for threatening a journalist two weeks ago .
what you have seen from this administration is a response consistent with the kind of threat that could be out there .
while the average weight gain over christmas may be just a couple of pounds , all the research suggests putting it on is much easier than taking it off .
the number has almost doubled from the number of pupils who took part three years ago when the school first joined the scheme .
but they scored a wonder goal in the latter minutes to take it to extra time and then we lost in that .
for his last state of the union address , he ' ll be leaving one seat empty in michelle obama ' s guest box `` for the victims of gun violence who no longer have a voice , '' according to the white house .
in the uk , things are rather different and i do not expect the bank of england to follow the fed ' s lead quickly .
the humanitarian response should not wait for that , it should not be linked to the political process , it may take weeks , it may take months , it may take years .
i hope this event will trigger a few things but mostly a better understanding of the wider meaning of innovation and how it can apply to everyone within an organisation .
eu nations would have to vote in favor of the move by around a two - thirds majority , and greece alone could not stop them .
he ' s just a class player and , if it wasn ' t for injuries , he ' d still be playing at a much higher level .
if president obama has to sign for his ballot paper i can ' t see why a british citizen shouldn ' t .
i ' ve been happy with my performances and now i ' m looking to build on this and score more goals .
it was the first time the world body had publicly named countries whose un troops are accused , as part of a new policy .
it is a four - year process to get to an olympics , but now that i am in the team i have to make everything count .
`` there ' s a big movement to put you at the back of the pack , '' he said in new hampshire recently .
`` even if every gun in the world suddenly disappeared , there would still be gun violence , '' he said .
if he felt he could still reach the final , he must have recognised that he would struggle to contain djokovic on two legs , let alone one .
the first public signal of the attacks came in may 2011 , though no direct link was immediately made with the chinese authorities .
the world health organization said zika could affect 3 million to 4 million people within a year , and president obama has called for urgent action .
djokovic has never been ahead in their head - to - head battle , but will go ahead 23 - 22 with a win tonight .
p & g said the strong dollar reduced second - quarter sales by 9 percent and in 2016 expects it to reduce sales by 7 percentage points , more than the 5 - 6 percentage points it estimated earlier .
the ad , above , channels fears that trump , despite his success among gop voters , can not beat clinton in a general election .
he has to address it and ensure congress he has a plan to defeat and destroy isis and end this radical islamic movement .
you can also ask your letting agent to take on responsibility for you , and this needs to be agreed in writing .
they would sit together holding hands all day long and my dad would be constantly telling staff that he loved her .
until this week , however , there were few signs that the biggest producers were ready to make such a move .
the aim is then advance the ranks by winning points in the games , with the highest position being prime minister .
but at the same time we also want consumers and companies to be aware of the risks to consumer information -- when we look at privacy and data security , for instance .
every time i go out here i just want to get as much involvement as possible , whether we have got the ball or not got the ball .
murray is anything but a favourite for the match , having lost 10 of his last 11 meetings with the world no 1 .
`` it is fair to say , that in terms of experience , hillary clinton was secretary of state for four years , so that gives her a lot of experience , no debate about that , '' sanders said .
kelly was 26 - 21 in three seasons with the eagles after signing a five - year , $ 32 . 5 million contract to leave the university of oregon in 2013 .
`` even if we went out there and won 15 races and won the championship , we ' re done , '' he said .
`` australia is not the only country with strong links to , or knowledge of the region , however i believe we do offer a different perspective , '' she will say .
to be sure , this was a modest change : it merely brought the participation rate back to where it had been earlier in the summer .
the idea appears to be that if we on the pro - uk side just wish hard enough , then the snp ' s campaign for independence will just go away .
`` that ' s going to be my legacy for him , ultimately , when he gets older , and he ' s able to watch them and enjoy them , '' she added .
so we will celebrate what we have achieved but we will continue to work for more and to make sure words are followed by action .
3 , we ' re going to do more to help those suffering from mental illness get the help that they need .
we had just had our first child , who was a year old , and i realized i had spent no time with my first son .
as we ' ve noted before , if he wins the nomination , it ' s likely because he ' s proven he can do that .
but for now we can see this case as an episode of direct democracy that worked well in challenging circumstances .
if i could figure out what makes things go viral and others not i think i ' d be in marketing not art .
if you want to stay there , it will cost you £ 1 , 000 a night - but you ' ll get to imagine what it was like for the famous author as she finished the final book in the ' harry potter ' series .
it is now perfectly obvious that germany made a mistake when it said it would take anyone who wanted to come .
mr cameron will call on british business leaders to `` join me `` in making the case for britain staying in the european union .
that is why we , as a community , must always have road safety front and centre of our minds every time we get behind the wheel .
i ' m afraid to say that it is still a lot easier to understand what ' s going wrong in a brain affected by alzheimer ' s disease - difficult as this is - than it is to fix it .
we are still not yet a nation of equal pay , or a country of equal opportunity or a place where women have an equal right to be free from fear and violence in their communities and at home .
one 30 - something woman , who asked not to be identified because of the personal nature of the topic , said she last had a boyfriend eight years ago and that she currently feels no need for a physical relationship .
his mother is sure that he wouldn ' t have wanted her to share , but she tells it anyway .
but the app ' s developers were mainly motivated to create the app because they wanted to spread sanders `` message , not as part of any specific campaign strategy .
second , apple is seeing lots of growth in its `` services `` category , earnings from which are up 15 % year - over - year for the quarter ending in december .
the chinese coast guard has been deployed to investigate the accident , and four of the survivors were transferred to a chinese boat that later joined the rescue mission .
he considered the best - case scenario if he didn ' t run - the election of another candidate who would do a good job .
in the first game at st james `` park , what i will always remember was the reception by the newcastle fans .
an estimated 80 percent of people infected with the virus have no symptoms at all , making it difficult for pregnant women to know whether they have been infected .
`` that ' s a new move , '' green said of that line in the letter , a different `` mix of the ingredients `` than he ' s seen , trying to balance the effects with the negative response .
`` it ' s a very long way away and our sun would appear as a very bright start in the sky , '' he said .
let ' s assume her portfolio grew by 8 per cent , or $ 8 , 000 , over the last year .
`` but we set our budget on the basis of a € 10 , 000 saving and now we ' ll have to review it , '' he said .
if mr osborne , has his way , she ' ll be around for a lot longer yet ; last week , he nominated her for a second term .
i can ' t be certain we will get there in february but i will work as hard as i can to deliver a good deal for the british people .
meanwhile , more than half of michigan ' s homeless population is made up of families ; and one in three who are homeless are children .
some players have perhaps found it hard coming out of the world cup and we ' ll get an idea of how they are when we come together next week .
wednesday night was an opportunity for him to score goals so i think he is desperate to get back in .
for young women with diabetes , the risk for heart disease is four to five times higher than it would be for a similar young man .
there have been a few times where that has happened to us this season and i am sure his little extra bit of quality will help .
all - stars or no all - stars , home advantage or not , toronto still isn ' t a team that will put the fear into anyone .
that uses up a lot of energy [ and ] makes you more up and down throughout the match as well .
it ' s true because the culture says women should care for their children and because paying for child care is expensive .
but the electorate ' s republican - democratic split was within five percentage points in the 2009 and 2013 governor ' s races , according to exit polls conducted at the time for the washington post .
2020 - the government plan to introduce a personal tax account for taxpayers so they can see their tax position online .
i have been to every continent , i have dealt with plenty of leaders , and i will tell you , he is ready for this job .
it read : `` my medical advice is that i will be allowed to leave the hospital shortly and i have been cleared to fly back to the uk in the next day or so .
when you lose goals in that manner , three in the first ten minutes , you ' re giving yourself no chance .
we ' re obviously just an hour away and the supporters showed what great supporters they are by coming out in numbers and creating a great atmosphere .
but one thing i ' ve done very well is to fight for every single point , not give away games and stuff .
first of all , we have to believe in it and we do believe in it not only off the pitch but on the pitch .
more than 4 , 000 operations could be cancelled by the action , putting pressure on the nhs when junior doctors return to work .
i came back into the sport in 2012 and i haven ' t met anybody who did not think there was a problem to be addressed .
`` if it ' s a genuine emergency , we can make it out from the face and tell if they ' re lying , '' he said .
perhaps i ' ve met you - i can think of one or two who might have what it takes to lead the snp - but if i haven ' t , do get in touch .
barack obama in 2008 for many of the same reasons it cited in picking her over sanders on saturday evening : her experience and perceived ability to get things done .
we work seven days a week , 52 weeks of the year , often in difficult circumstances such as bad weather conditions .
in addition we have committed to deliver 50 , 000 more affordable homes over the next five years , 35 , 000 of which will be for social rent .
yet notably , her 2007 number was also higher than the 70 percent who thought the same of obama at that time .
i am still playing so it is a big commitment i have taken on at times but i feel like i enjoy it and that ' s what i want to do .
rubio , 44 , hopes that younger voters are ready to support a candidate their own age in the upcoming title fight for the republican nomination .
the band , who originally visited the camp to make a music video about the conditions are planning a third trip back in january .
you can take your money anywhere else after that , and i won ' t lose a second of sleep over it .
no matter the destination , deciding what to take with you - and how best to pack it - can prove challenging .
mr week says it was ' possible ' that she will be able to mix with other animals and children , but they can not be sure as of yet .
i joined this lawsuit because i no longer believe the city of flint and the state of michigan can solve flint ' s water crisis and return safe drinking water to our homes .
it ' s not just getting to the premier league , it is being able to stay there in the right way , in the financial right way .
authorities are aware of a few locations the couple drove to after the shootings but don ' t know what they were doing there .
whether it is as an opener or somewhere else in the order , he is certainly a guy with a lot of talent .
in many asian countries such as korea , where the birth rate has long been in decline , a focus on education means many couples believe they can ' t afford to have more than one child .
i hope this is shared and gets back to you so that you should not say something like that to a girl ever again .
`` most people would have felt the need to finish the game much earlier than i did , '' he said .
`` my private life is my private life , that ' s how it is , '' the 24 - year - old said .
the exchange of goods and services between china and north korea was one area where steps could be taken to pressure pyongyang back to talks , he said .
so that ' s been tough but i truly have such hope that i will get to compete in that ring another day , i really do .
the reserve bank should remain on hold in the coming months , given continuing solid employment gains and above average business conditions , national australia bank economists said .
it ' s boys coming over to this country , not knowing the environment and how things are dealt with .
at this level , investors who bought back into the market at the lowest point after regulators arrested a 40 percent crash last summer are back to square one .
`` i know a lot of kids that if you don ' t know how to deal with them you lose them , '' brown said at the greater cleveland sports awards gathering .
but there was at least some sign that the drop was driven by factors less related to the news than to technical , one - off factors .
`` we are talking to ted cruz , who is a friend of mine and a good guy , about doing something very big over the next two weeks in washington , '' trump says .
even in the situation where someone does receive that benefit after 90 to 120 days and does not have a short - term disability benefit , how much is the long - term disability benefit ?
the scientists managed to determine individuals ' age in blood samples with a margin of error of 3 . 75 years across the age range .
and so when politicians make requests of tech companies , it ' s that much harder to convince the tech firms to say yes .
three boys - aged 10 months , two and four - were taken to hospital on sunday night after the lengthy search , which was sparked by a police pursuit with a stolen car .
at the end of this month , it is expected to announce a proposal to give the commission powers to recall vehicles found in breach of eu emissions standards and fine those responsible .
merkel said it was important to stress that most refugees had only been allowed to stay for a limited period .
we all have a host of 28 - day challenges to make the most of ourselves , those we love and the world we pass through .
a week after nearly all sanctions were lifted , french and italian officials still do not expect major deals to be signed yet during the trip .
i ' m sure there ' s money to be made there , and the first person who gets in there wins .
about 30 homes were left standing , and some residents took shelter at the town ' s football field and at its community center .
and i think people who ' ve known me as chairman - now in my sixth year - i ' m about as straight up as anyone that ' s anyone that ' s ever sat in this office .
`` i don ' t want to say it ' s easy , and i don ' t close every deal , '' she said .
in fact , amazon ' s biggest challenge at the moment may be dealing with its seemingly constant p . r . problems .
before things get cold and heavy , it ' s a good idea to charge everything that can be charged .
i had a tough match against her at the french open so i knew i had to run every ball down and fight for every point .
i certainly appreciate the fact that he ' s stuck here with us and done a really good job so far in trying to finish this year for our players .
she said the investigation was being carried out by mexico , and she could not confirm whether the us would launch a similar investigation .
every time i ' ve ever run for office , whether it ' s to the senate or now as president , i ' ve had to take on the republican establishment .
the former prime minister tony blair , who played in a band as a university student , wrote in a statement that he was a huge fan of mr . bowie ' s .
he had early posts in panama , spain and france and served at the state department headquarters in posts including director of policy planning .
one has to wonder what the gop brand will look like to general election voters in 2016 after the 2015 primary season in the gop .
it opened its first investigation outside the continent on wednesday , with a probe of the 2008 russia - georgia war .
on saturday , pakistan condemned the attack on the base and said that it wanted to continue to improve relations with india .
by that time , prosecutors said , more than a million computers worldwide had been infected , including at least 17 , 000 in the united states , and tens of millions of dollars in losses had been caused .
that ' s what we did with barack obama eight years ago , i believe that ' s what the voters of iowa are going to do this year .
`` i think any time you get a group of people in a house together dating one person , i think things will happen , '' he explained .
she thought the decision to draw water from the river - a tough call in a poor city run by a state - appointed emergency manager - was a bad one .
the inquest heard that he ' d found it hard to settle there , and had a history of self - harm - but had expressed no intention to take his life and showed no interest in substance abuse .
the senator from texas hoped trump ' s supporters would be future cruz voters , when and if trump slipped .
it felt like a good time to come here in the off - season and see how things are done at various levels - from the first team to the academy and sports science .
he said that she was a `` remarkable woman `` who had `` made it clear from the very beginning that she would not be able to get on with her life until she had found the truth about her husband ' s death .
there surely must come a point when we accept that the quality of services we demand will only be achieved if the necessary funds are available .
he predicted that the rapid and continued development of those systems eventually would lead to an end - of - year report such as this - no traffic deaths .
`` my entire involvement was here is a list of things that you need to be thinking about as you become the nominee , '' bennett explained .
there are a number of things you can do to reduce the strain , including speaking to a mortgage adviser early on to get your finances in order .
the hope was that the forecast heavy rain would not arrive until the time of the railway walk - or later .
i ' m not saying they are going to be playing courses like this all the time but , even if the rough was down , you ' d have to be looking at scoring four or five - under .
at the end of october , in a monthly update , the firm said it had planned to split the company into two with effect from january 1 , 2016 .
prime minister malcolm turnbull has questioned whether it was right for australia to grant a visa to a big american star with a notorious domestic abuse conviction .
three months worth of rain has fallen in the area in the past week and dozens of homes had to be evacuated .
both facts reflect a key truth : there just isn ' t that much demand in the global economy right now .
but as was the case with the 71 - year - old woman assaulted on monday , there have been cases in which there was `` absolutely no prior contact , '' he said .
if the canadian government is serious about long - term growth , it must focus on how it can build cities and policies that attract people and businesses .
`` we are well on the way and at the end of that journey it gives us options , '' he said .
although fewer firms are expecting interest rates to increase there has been a rapid rise in concerns about the impact a rise could have on businesses and growth .
we ' ll continue to pursue our strategy of hiring the best lawyers in the market and providing clients with the most effective advice available .
by way of explaining what is happening in politics ( or anything else ) we step through what we have seen and what we have heard .
it doesn ' t really matter if the meal turns out or not , it ' s about having that time to feel at peace .
the new powers are contained in the scotland bill , which was drawn up following 2014 `` s no vote .
asked after yesterday ' s semi - final win whether he was ready to be a father , murray said : `` i hope so , i ' m going to find out pretty soon .
`` that was one of those moments when you can just say i was there and i saw it , '' he said .
`` no , that ' s the one thing i ' d say has been pretty good , '' he said .
i was really excited about it - it was really perfect as everyone looks up to him for everything he ' s done and how he carries himself .
20 ( upi ) -- kim kardashian revealed that she has lost 30 pounds since son saint west ' s birth on dec .
but a spokesman at the club said her father `` had no plans at the moment `` to fly out and see his daughter in action .
the former florida governor began the race as the odds - on republican front - runner , and the early polling backed that up .
catherine says : `` many people who used to live here , or whose family did , have been in touch over the years .
it ' s the first time one of our aircraft has come under fire and we have paid the most tragic price .
in the hours after the explosion , large numbers of police and security force personnel blocked off the site , parts of which were on fire .
the carefully selected group of viewers in the background added some much - needed life to the response , however .
i ' d like another striker to give support to the other three , because our strength is playing at high intensity and it ' s not possible to play at high intensity for all the season , for this reason .
they live across the arab world , as well in countries like turkey , pakistan , india , bangladesh , malaysia and indonesia .
a window of opportunity has been opened for action in canada , and we should find a way to act .
friday nights have been a success in paris and in wales so i don ' t see why it wouldn ' t be a success anywhere else .
`` a jet has become available at a far reduced price and with the donations at the hospital and online we have reached the price we need for the jet , '' he explained .
an agreement has been signed and could be announced as early as next week , the person said , asking not to be identified because the deal is not yet public .
but , at the end of the day , if they come up this year and the two of them leave and go back down the road then i don ' t think that the club can have any complaints .
`` we lead the world in so many areas ; it ' s about time our country is led by one of our own , '' '' she said .
reuters reported on wednesday that china ' s central bank had suspended at least three foreign banks from conducting some of their foreign exchange business until the end of march .
thomson reuters data shows earnings for the fourth quarter are expected to fall by 4 . 2 percent , down from the 3 . 7 percent decline expected a week ago and the 1 . 1 percent growth expected on october 1 .
another court filing said the state was not aware of any other witnesses to the shootings , making davis `` an essential `` witness for the state .
you tell them what they did wrong and you give them a punishment to show that they shouldn ' t be doing that .
a few months ago we signed a contract with him to keep him until 2018 , and now liverpool want to have him .
this doesn ' t mean it ' s a done deal by any means , but we ' ll take a look at it .
even in india , perhaps the most popular emerging market among global investors , the currency has given ground , about 7 percent , against the united states dollar .
any member of the public can ask the attorney general ' s office to examine a sentence in the most serious cases such as murder and rape - simply by sending an email or letter .
`` you ' ll end up with the people that you want for the money you can afford , '' she said .
you ' ve been a legend the last few weeks , thank you for your support and i ' ll be on the next flight home .
authorities said in a statement that the two men knew each other and were arguing over an illegal drug sale before the chase began about 3 : 45 p . m .
he played a character who could fly - that ' s got to count for something on the ski jump , surely ?
he told mps on the house of commons ' health committee last year that a tax would be the `` single most important `` change that could be made .
and just to get to the point where we ' re able to provide limited service on bus and rail , i think , is very good .
if apple or google win the rights to stream one or more games , it would be a first for either company .
but the frustrated mayor said the city is still not getting enough money , particularly from the state , to repair infrastructure that could cost hundreds of millions of dollars and to treat children who may suffer long - running effects .
seattle has won the last three meetings at bank of america stadium , but that was before the series took a turn in october .
he hasn ' t played in a few weeks but is keen to play so we ' ll assess everything .
the company is showing some signs of improvement , but not enough to warrant a rating of 21 times forecast earnings .
it was the first time i ' d played a full half and it was tough but i ' d love to be involved again this weekend and go from there .
many residents question why washington ' s official weather records are measured at an airport on the river in virginia , which may not be representative of the weather in the city .
today marks the launch of this year ' s awards , which will be revealed at a ceremony in the edinburgh international conference centre in june .
mr trump , who has not yet done so , said he `` absolutely `` would and indicated he was `` very proud `` to pay a low level of tax .
since he ' s a free agent at the end of the year and looking to make a good impression on 30 potential employers , he may actually mean it .
i think one week ago people were thinking 15 times first round and that i would be going back to china .
as a recent study found , some 82 % of people 47 and older who tried to transition to new careers in the last two years were successful .
it ' s a good campaign by amazon to promote that great initiative but unless you ' re in a very rural area where you ' re delivering something of value and substance , you ' re just not going to see it happening .
i can understand that when you don ' t score , people can be worried , but we have enough quality .
the first flight will arrive at glasgow airport on august 5 with the second and third flights arriving on august 12 and 19 .
wall street ' s top banks , however , expect only three rate increases before the end of the year , according to a reuters poll released after the fed ' s statement on wednesday .
turkey says it can supply hundreds , if not thousands , of syrian arab and other non - kurdish opposition fighters for the mission , but it has been slow to do so .
not only will it give you an advantage over less sensitive rivals but it will also enable you to reach out and do something for those most in need of assistance .
it provides the infrastructure that at some point carries most of the nation ' s data traffic , including for mobile operators .
democratic rival bernie sanders has also pushed radio ads in south carolina , and he released a spanish - language ad in nevada .
we have to figure out a way to be more aggressive ; we just weren ' t physical enough with them .
`` there was listening to both sides - that style of finding the middle was important , '' he said in an interview .
in the early 1970s , fed up with working to other people ' s words , he struck out with his own stories .
clinton was pushed to address that question during a debate in october : `` you were against same - sex marriage .
mr trump is also planning to step up his campaign , spending $ 2 million a week on advertising in states , such as new hampshire , where the early presidential primaries are due to be held .
5 ( upi ) -- a 15 - year - old brooklyn girl has been charged with the murder of her mother and her mother ' s boyfriend , police said .
europe is also our number one destination for international food and drink exports , with more than two - thirds of the food produced here going to the continent .
it ' s a point gained so we ' ll just get back on the road and hopefully win in the cup next week .
`` that ' s been one of the issues with the city of flint : broken trust and who do we believe ? '' she said .
in other places in the world you don ' t get any help from the government so i still count myself lucky to get some .
they also forecast that 2016 u . s . auto sales will be 17 . 8 million vehicles , which would break the record set in 2015 .
under his watch , the military has been given authority to try civilians suspected of terrorism in secret military courts .
the leaked draft was published a day after the review announced that the long - delayed final report would be published within six weeks .
trump ' s agent told him it was a terrible idea - business shows never work on tv , he said .
`` when you come back after a defeat , the players themselves can beat themselves up at times , '' he said .
on the other hand , an early start at school is linked to social , emotional and mental health problems in many children forced into formal learning before they are ready .
`` that plan was way , way bigger than him , '' said j . j . , who declined to give his last name .
at least 6 , 000 officers were to be deployed as the giant ball dropped in times square to mark the start of 2016 .
28 ( upi ) -- five people were arrested on wednesday for allegedly helping in the escape of three inmates from a southern california jail .
but miller believes the row will be forgotten about by the time the last - 16 tie comes around on february 6 or 7 .
what ' s worst for me is that i ' m away , partner and kid having to deal with it .
the group said the `` best way to force the regime to accept the [ political ] solution and stick by it `` was to allow states that back the opposition to supply rebels with anti - aircraft missiles .
rather than saving up the recommended 14 units per week for one or two days , the committee says to spread them out .
there ' s a lot of anger and some feelings that you have , but it just pushed me to work harder and be ready for my next opportunity .
it ' s best to get legal advice , even if it just opens your eyes to what you ' re getting yourself into .
the australian share market has recovered from a negative start to gain ground , led by energy and mining stocks .
his players love that because they feel like , `` he believes in us and is ready to go to the wall for us .
berlin police say an activist working with asylum - seekers made up a story that a 24 - year - old syrian refugee died after waiting for days in the cold outside the city ' s central registration point .
this is an important run , but it will be a few minutes before it ' s far enough out into the future to start showing our storm .
and normally if i am in a restaurant , i will send somebody in there to check it first before i even go in there .
that ' s what it is like at a club like this and it ' s part of the job you have to handle .
that ' s built into the model and i think represents a very significant difference in the approach that we ' re taking .
i wasn ' t sure if i was going to have to sit in the house for a few weeks or months .
`` i knew it was going to go one way or the other and we needed to make a play at that point , '' williams said .
sir nick believes these changes `` play to our junior leadership and their ability to use their initiative in mission command .
that ' s about a quarter of the total economic activity for the three - day stretch that began the first day of the storm .
it comes as part of a major digital effort from the cabinet office designed to cut costs by bringing more government operations online .
david cameron is to allow ministers to campaign for either side in the referendum once a deal is reached on the uk ' s relationship with the european union .
nine times out of ten , we play with one up front at celtic and that ' s the same way scotland play .
if you lose your business , your money , your home , your husband or wife , your children or your freedom , don ' t say you weren ' t warned .
he concluded , '' i ' ve had a good long career , and this is not the way i ' d like to bring it to end .
clinton has also claimed that sanders , who proposed the plan during his time in the senate , could not get the idea to take off .
to be successful , a coach has to be willing to move out of his comfort zone , whether it is offense or defense , and figure out the other side of the ball .
several other candidates in both parties are scheduled to be in new hampshire this weekend before most head to iowa next week for a final week of stops ahead of the feb .
it had been hoped to complete the investigations by this year but it is expected to take many more years .
our ambitious plan will enable every girl and boy in scotland to make the best of themselves and get on in life .
the week after the referendum vote , i used a speech in the scottish parliament to urge the snp to respect and accept the result .
the same penalties can be applied to any driver deemed to be driving without due care and attention , the key being the lack of attention caused by whatever the driver was doing at the time of the collision or being stopped by the police .
once things settle down , and chinese regulators have a chance to reflect on what went wrong , we will likely see their return .
`` it ' s a special moment for anyone , for a rookie player , for a rookie head coach , for an expansion franchise , '' james said .
`` in general , there ' s nothing i am aware of preventing an employer conducting surveillance without their knowledge or permission , '' he said .
the assault on the base near the pakistan border has thrown into doubt diplomatic talks planned for later this month between the nuclear - armed rivals .
23 ( upi ) -- an unexpected boost in sales of previously owned homes in december wrapped up the best year since 2006 .
kerry said the united states would never accept north korea as a nuclear weapons state , and suggested china - north korea trade and chinese supply of coal and fuel could be the target of proposed sanctions .
they could start against scotland next saturday with 10 of the side that defeated wales in the six nations opener last season .
at this point , only tension in the middle east is providing a bit of a lift to oil markets , but even that won ' t be enough to push up prices in any lasting way .
there are a few at the start , a couple in the middle and some in the final years of their careers but not close to retirement .
we ' re pretty sure he ' ll come up with a great game plan so we can be successful .
`` if i lose every match i ' m still happy to be out there doing what i love , '' she said .
the policies by the world ' s largest retailer represent a bid to better attract and retain talent at a moment when an improving economy has meant the labor market is more competitive .
apple forecast second - quarter revenue of $ 50 billion to $ 53 billion , below analysts ' average forecast of $ 55 . 5 billion .
but other republicans still believe it is impossible to choose between the two , because they believe that either would be a disaster as the nominee - and that others can eventually rise .
i think it is obvious that we are in a situation where you will see more and more countries forced to introduce temporary border checks if the eu can not protect its external borders .
to shore up the economy , china could further reduce interest rates so as to help the real estate market .
palace may yet launch a counter - bid , although newcastle are likely to offer far more attractive personal terms in order to land the 23 - year - old .
but it seems apparent that it was going on , there was a large number of people involved , we don ' t know how many .
`` i think in our country people should be free to wear what they like , within limits live how they like , and all the rest of it , '' mr cameron said .
after all , why should we , as consumers , pay more because the products we are buying are likely to stop working in the near future ?
one of these studies , for example , found ex - drivers had a 51 percent reduction in their social network of friends and relatives over 13 years .
`` it was never about a money - maker , it was always about public health , public safety , '' the prime minister said in december during a year - end interview .
but many believe he doesn ' t want to turn his back on the donors and supporters who launched his political career .
if our own election results tell us anything , it is that one should not mistake the character of an entire country as being the same as that of the people who happen to be in power .
the book was an update and expansion of a well - regarded 1996 u . n . report on children in armed conflict that did not mention the 300 , 000 figure .
the high growth forecast is due to the significant amount of expansion happening in the energy industry to support economic developments .
this wild green space in the heart of this city is an ideal place for kids to play , learn and grow up in .
`` what that told me is most people don ' t know what ' s in their medical record , '' he says .
`` the left had failed , the right had failed , we ' d had the earthquake - and so this was supposed to be about trying to figure out something else , '' he explained .
the eu ' s foreign affairs service said the european union was informed of the allegations on january 19 and immediately offered assistance to the un investigators .
the ongoing civil war in syria has created thousands of refugees and european countries have placed pressure on the united states to take in some of the people fleeing the violence .
`` so even if you ' re thinking about another candidate , the simple reality is there is only one campaign that can beat trump , '' cruz said .
the olympic stadium is a huge factor as well - the thought of playing in front of so many fans in an iconic stadium in london .
he ' ll be a part of the debate whether he ' s on stage or not , but he won ' t be there to defend himself .
sanders argues the success of the tax is easily demonstrated in other major western countries like germany , japan and the united kingdom .
there is growing concern in labour that mr corbyn wants to formally change the party ' s position on the islands .
`` i am sorry ; we will fix this , '' he said , in his state of the state address .
in that brief period after the war , in which it was believed that international conflict had finally been put to rest , she returned to her home state to work in classified advertising at the new york daily news .
if the economy is continuing to improve and growth is strong and unemployment low , the democrats will have a modest edge .
if you are an opposition player and you want to take a touch but the crowd is on your back , it is a difficult place to play .
as i ' m sure you have seen there ' s news stories today , `` the new york times `` reporting that billionaire and former new york city mayor michael bloomberg is considering a third - party run for president .
in the end it was the players who did not look hard enough at themselves and at what they had to be delivering .
right now , in my life , i ' m at a place of complete unknown , and i ' ve come to find peace with that .
new polling out over the past 24 hours suggests that bernie sanders is in a dead heat with hillary clinton in iowa .
there are other teams interested as well but we won ' t force him to go where he doesn ' t want to go , it will be his choice .
she is really all about the team , how she can help and all that , regardless of the job we have asked her to do .
in that case , the test is a sign to look for more trouble ( and human suffering ) within north korea ' s borders .
we know each other ' s game pretty well so i ' ll try to use all those other matches to my advantage .
the poor start to 2016 has left the benchmark index 9 . 8 per cent below its all - time high set in may after coming within 1 percent of the record as recently as november .
in an interview tuesday night , jackson said she doesn ' t know whether a faster response would have saved her husband .
this will , hopefully , be my third but , being honest , i haven ' t made the most of them so far .
trump said he has stayed in iowa `` numerous times , '' but a campaign source who did not want to be identified said he remembered trump staying overnight only once in iowa and once in new hampshire .
because you know the truth is , when you get to june , july , august , september , october , a month is like a year and a week is like a month .
prince george ' s reported nearly 4 , 000 fewer crime victims last year , with a 17 percent combined drop in the number of property and violent crimes .
but he says the company will be sending more and new kinds of data to the government than it has in the past .
maybe he has a drop - off , it ' s very difficult to maintain that level for such a long period .
the leaders think they have a solution , and they ' re putting all their money and efforts into it , but it ' s wrong .
china and north korea have been allies since the korean war , when chinese communist troops fought to defend the north .
we ' re investing in areas of growth for the future , as well as continuing to support those parts of the retail estate where blue inc has a strong customer base .
`` we ' ve never had someone , at least not in my lifetime , who was running for president before who , for the seven or eight years before that , had a top - 10 rated national television show , '' christie said .
they have plans to leave a note saying that ' i could not stay in here for 13 years , '' she said last year .
opec was already unlikely to agree to a common strategy that would see production cuts , but now everyone can essentially rule out any cooperation between saudi arabia and iran .
ms hamilton told radio 4 ' s today programme : `` simon hasn ' t got a stop button when he starts to drink .
`` while it is possible to determine where children are associated with armed forces or armed groups , it is much more difficult to determine how many children have been involved , '' the 2007 report noted .
it ' s knowing how simple it is to make a difference to a young person ' s life that keeps her going .
he ' s involved in many local causes , and the garden is used as an outdoor gallery by artists .
the strong u . s . economy ( still the destination for most of our manufacturers ) is opening great opportunities for canadian products .
`` i look forward to being older , when what you look like becomes less and less an issue and what you are is the point , '' she added .
although personally against same - sex marriage , he would support the outcome , whatever it is he told sky news this morning .
but the impact of those proposals , likely to include items like more child care for working mothers and tax breaks for couples with children , remains unknown .
in the book , little bill lies to his parents about why he was late for dinner : he says he got into a man ' s van when really he was playing basketball .
i ' m closing on the top 10 of all time as well so that ' s something i have my eye on as well .
international partners , including the united nations and the united states , wanted the election held on sunday to ensure a new president was in place by feb .
the australian share market has closed lower for its third straight session in the new year - and its fourth in a row - as significant events elsewhere in the world make investors nervous .
i think we probably have a lot in common just in the way we coach and look at the game and look at the team and things like that .
the deal in paris shows that politicians are responding to those demands , and the popular global movement that supports them .
a 12 - year - old girl in america made a similar threat to her father and then actually followed through with it .
some 3 , 000 migrants continue to stream over the border from austria on average each day and if the trend continues germany will have over a million more asylum seekers by the end of 2016 .
it was at 10 . 5 percent in november , which is high , but the lowest in more than four years and well below the 12 percent of 2013 .
more than a million refugees travelled to europe last year , fleeing conditions in parts of the middle east and north africa .
we felt as though these trees were there for 80 years , and from the outside it didn ' t seem like there was any reason to take them down .
and yet it is a very strange social movement , because it is so narrow : morning in washington , with almost no mention of america .
no more , though ; because on 4 january , the swedish government introduced passport checks between denmark and sweden , for the first time in more than 50 years .
`` i think these guys are going wait a minute , don ' t just say anything right now , '' he said .
`` when students vote with their feet to be at your institution , that ' s a really great outcome , '' said the university ' s president , stuart r . bell .
but when they ' re not , let ' s resolve in 2016 ( and beyond ) to respond with level , not immediately hot , heads .
`` you must work and you must die for islam , '' he said , and then left them , under the tree , to wait .
there ' s no new information on that story , but if you listen to nbc , they ' re all after the drama .
`` you can look at someone and get to know their music and say , `` this is someone who i want to work with , '' '' he said .
a state of emergency was declared in washington d . c . and new york city , as well as in tennessee , north carolina , virginia , maryland , pennsylvania , new jersey and parts of other states .
he was arrested again thursday near the greek - turkish border along with a 20 - year - old man originally from yemen .
at a girls `` school , there is no such thing as a `` boy ' s subject `` or a `` girl ' s subject , '' there are just subjects .
but he has two aims : to run an anti - kremlin political campaign , and to hunt down the people who he believes tried to kill him .
it will `` give customers an option to come to our brand , and for the customers who only buy limited parts of the range the opportunity to buy more of it , '' he told the financial times .
mr trump said : `` i have to go a step further and say that fox has been extremely nice in the last number of hours .
this was an important first step , but we are a long way off from claiming victory in this fight for our future -- for the survival of our planet .
while another police force in south florida gave the best response to a twitter user who asked her followers to deliver her some marijuana .
when you ' re a small business , the difference between turning a profit or not could be the next meeting you have with someone .
`` i just feel like i ' m really confident in my game right now , not against her or against any other opponent , '' williams said .
for one thing , the company annually hands over more than 90 percent of its profit , on average , to the government .
i am perfectly happy to say i ' m sorry to hear about what has happened and i am sorry it has been taken in this way but it really has had nothing to do with what i was saying or what my committee was doing .
however , the project only won state aid approval from the european commission last month , eating into the value of the contract .
they are a big , physical team and ended up scoring but i still thought we should have taken three points .
in fact , the number of immigrants crossing illegally into the u . s . has actually declined over the last nine years .
in response carter said that this was a gathering of countries that have been the most active in iraq and syria .
the legal basis for his stay there is unclear , with him having completed a three - year prison sentence .
the labour leader said he would tackle david cameron ' s government `` much more `` on cuts to local councils and a lack of investment .
a first letter was sent last summer , which he thinks was ignored because of the election campaign , so he wrote again just before christmas .
and while sanders might be seen as an easier target than democratic front - runner hillary clinton , it ' s not really the match - up trump is looking to .
`` when your candidate is out giving speeches , three , four , five a day , it ' s hard for them to be preparing on the real policy issues , '' he said .
victoria ' s unemployment rate of 5 . 9 per cent is slightly above its 10 - year average of 5 . 4 per cent .
`` i don ' t create art so that it becomes viral , however i would say i ' m rather lucky when it comes to some of my pieces and how much they ' ve been shared , '' he added .
a lot of their players have played two , three , four hundred games in the top flight in scotland , which helps them .
he will then , as he always said he would , campaign to stay in the eu and this would be the position of the government .
oil prices could get worse in the short - term , but `` the second half of this year holds more promise , '' he said .
the final 20 seconds of the 60 - second ad cut to footage of trump talking about ending illegal immigration by building a wall along the southern u . s .- mexico border .
the woman was reported to have been waiting in line so that her mother could see a prominent doctor of internal medicine .
the next step in the peace process , a political dialogue with the eight groups that signed , is set to begin on jan .
`` the engine was still running as police jumped into the pool and rescued the six - year - old girl and her 37 - year - old mother , '' a police spokesperson said in a statement .
`` there will be arrests when there is enough evidence for a judge to issue an arrest warrant , '' the spokesman said .
while police were at the house , a third ambulance was called after a 44 - year - old man experienced a medical emergency , believed to be a heart attack .
a team will be selected at this event to represent the uk at the world final in st louis , missouri .
at this critical moment , we have to carry out a strategic plan to fight crime and poverty among israel ' s arab population and build the community ' s social and economic institutions .
maybe i ' m less confident of him signing a deal because a club has offered money for his services .
those six nations are also expected to join the meeting in brussels next month , as are some arab countries , including iraq and jordan .
our global strategy is a two - brand strategy , which means if there is a market demand , we would like to bring both brands in that market .
after all , more people have said that whatever it is - output , orders , sales - has fallen rather than risen .
health ministers say the deal offered to junior doctors will mean that 99 per cent see their pay protected or increased , with an 11 per cent rise in basic pay , though weekend rates will fall .
former test star and 2007 world cup winner mike is playing his final game of big - time cricket in australia .
monday , a judge ruled that he should not be forced to remain in jail until his trial starts at the end of october -- 10 months away -- and allowed him to be released on a $ 500 , 000 bond .
he was 5 - for - 10 from the field and came within one of his season high for rebounds while playing just 31 minutes .
washington the metropolitan police department of washington ' s overall record on use - of - force reforms is mixed seven years after federal monitoring ended , a first - of - its - kind review said on thursday .
during that period , their employer may provide them with a short - term disability benefit or they may not .
while america might still be our best and most powerful political ally , we couldn ' t be more different as people .
even now i still look back on it and know inside that i ' m capable of putting in performances like that .
so having to take the court on the same day her favourite nfl team , the denver broncos , played off for a place in the super bowl was torture .
in the past year , the markets have proved that , in the right circumstances , they are very good at driving that process .
arsenal - together with city - are the two best teams at this moment in the premier league and to stay in a good position against man city they need all the points .
for an analyst from another planet reading its financial statements , apple would look like a giant bank or asset manager .
`` it ' s an exciting piece of technology that is going to potentially make these tissue - specific growth factors available on a much more broader scale than they ever have been before , '' mr anderson said .
she would ask me if she did a good job ; of course i would always tell her she did amazing , and then she would run around the room celebrating .
we have strong campaigns on the ground in nevada and south carolina , and we have been on radio in nevada since november and on tv in nevada since late december .
some of the infrastructure investment is supported by government already and we ' ve got to hold them to account on this .
all one person needs to do is see it and put it on social media and then the world finds out about it .
that ' s my hope for you and for all the young people who are getting involved this first time .
gold prices a bit higher on thursday , ending the year down 10 per cent for its third straight annual decline .
`` i think it will be less than a third `` of the possible cases that have been reported , he said .
he ' s had no real poor games and he ' s had a couple in the middle , but his very good games have really helped us .
so much larger , in fact , that it looks like china is missing an entire province - suggesting that local leaders are being more than a little optimistic about their growth .
of course not - just as i don ' t agree with many of the party ' s biggest donors on every issue .
they gave me my chance in football and since i have been here , from the chairman to the managers that have been here , everyone has been good to me .
the patient , in harris county , texas , had recently returned from latin america - where the disease has caused concern for months .
he ' s someone we can cut a deal with and i would note donald just a couple of days ago , drew the difference between me and him .
he didn ' t believe that trump would `` put out hits on women and children `` if he were elected .
i didn ' t really know how to address the media back then and you say something in the heat of the moment .
labour has made electoral in - roads in the capital , being the only party to make a net gain in parliamentary seats since the last general election .
`` both mean that the contribution to economic growth from housing is set to slow in the year ahead , '' dr oliver said .
i have no idea what ' s going on in new york , how they ' re doing their removal , how far they are .
in some cases , she added , adult children move into retirement communities earlier than they planned after seeing how much their parents enjoy living there .
the nation ' s once - robust middle class , particularly the white middle class , has in the last decade entered some kind of economic free fall , the argument goes .
i ' m running to really make america great again , but the celebrity helped - that ' s true .
i ' ll wait until i get to the point where i ' ve got to make those sorts of decisions , as will others .
it ' s a city that had to release inmates from its jail last spring because it couldn ' t afford to feed them .
the warriors ' 65 . 3 - percent shooting was also the best by a philadelphia opponent in any half this season .
police said they had been speaking with the man ' s family and would shortly close the file on the case .
i will support them all the way whatever they want to do , but i don ' t see myself doing that right now .
he explains : `` i have less than 28 , 000 days before i die so i have to make every second count .
with the way our economy follows the us , a tech crash would almost certainly be bad news for australia .
`` i think i am a different , and perhaps a better , candidate , so i hope that also shows , '' clinton said in an interview with the network that morning .
west continued the tradition of putting out a new song on new year ' s eve in 2015 , but the record still didn ' t have release date .
many of these crimes were committed by people who never should have been able to purchase a gun in the first place .
in total , we own and have under development approximately 66 . 1 million square feet of industrial space as of september 30 , 2015 .
that number is set to fall to about 5 , 500 at the end of this year or in early 2017 .
the question , though , it comes from our own president - when they have to look at him and wonder , ' do you know what we go through ?
with fourth - quarter reporting season under way , s & p 500 companies on average are expected to post 4 . 5 - percent lower earnings , according to thomson reuters data .
`` we can ' t , at the same time , stand by and allow criminals to have their way , '' he said .
in general , they ' d have to provide much of the information that their own set - top boxes already rely on to other companies .
the couple have yet to confirm their relationship despite being seen together holding hands while dining around los angeles in november .
although its shares jumped 50 percent on its first day as a public company , investors typically expect a higher price even before the shares start trading .
`` you need to know someone that goes , meet times and location are sent by text and then shared to friends , '' they said .
the clinton campaign is trying to make the race about two choices : clinton , the effective progressive , and sanders , the candidate who will over - promise and under - deliver .
a nsw mother has been denied bail after being charged with the murder of her 26 - year - old son .
a lot of people break in as quality control coaches , but don ' t think it is not an important position , because it really is .
we also need the media to stop telling us to work harder when we ' re already working ourselves to the bone .
that ' s because there are a host of challenges when it comes to driving in bad weather that humans have learned to overcome - but computers have not .
if you ' re looking for the world ' s best cars , and the workers who make those cars , you need to be in detroit , michigan .
today everyone is asking about zika : how did this crisis happen , and what do we need to do to make it go away ?
they have to come out with news as fast as possible if they can , then say it is not so bad .
the company last week said a group of company executives will immediately take over for its chief executive until he returns from medical leave .
but can you name even one thing that the federal government does now that it should not do at all ?
20 - the day president obama was in town - when 88 of the city ' s 100 schools were closed .
the two - hour tv event will air in the fall of 2016 on fox , with filming set to begin this winter .
germany is hiring more police and intelligence officers , and in january the defense minister proposed increasing military spending by € 130 billion over 15 years .
he wrote that by having `` skin in the game , '' institutions will be feel greater pressure to reduce costs and ensure that students graduate with the skills needed to earn a living .
we ' ve got to keep up this energy that ' s shown here today and many other places around iowa because that is what it ' s going to take for us to win back the white house in november .
his early work examined historical height records , using the data to try and understand the standard of living of people during various times in history .
it wasn ' t until january 2014 that we realised we still had feelings for each other , and we decided to give it another shot .
however , the united states has long deployed women to do military jobs that put them in or very near combat .
the chinese president is the first leader to visit iran after international sanctions were lifted on january 16 under a nuclear deal reached with six major powers including china .
even so , trump , who has considerable business interests in britain and personal ties to scotland in particular , may be in luck .
one study from a research team in sweden looked at that country ' s elections in an effort to avoid some of these problems .
it takes time for a field that large to sort itself out and thin down to one or two candidates .
`` maybe i ' d feel like more of a sex symbol if i went on social media with - i am single , '' he said .
it was full of just his own work , materials , paper and sometimes his models , or the people who visited - many of them famous .
we ' re all highly competitive and the position we ' re at at the moment is not good enough by our standards .
this is no accident , however , and has come about through the work of the council and our partners in the public and private sectors .
the 24 - year - old is one of four leading women players heading to the australian open , which begins in melbourne on monday , under an injury cloud .
`` i ' m hoping for a decent draw but it doesn ' t really matter who we get because you have to play the best at some time if you want to win it , '' said mcdonald .
ted cruz has been at odds with the republican party establishment for most of his time as a senator - and that doesn ' t look likely to change soon .
`` her rhetoric is not as strong as bernie ' s , but that does not fix these problems , '' said brown , a clinton supporter .
on average , the women were around 35 years old at the start of the study , and they were typically followed for at least seven years .
when you ' re taking about games like we ' ve played , it comes down to , at times , players making some plays .
following an appeal by media organisations , including the telegraph , a second inquest has now been ordered which is expected to be held later this year .
his legal team have lined up a market expert to discuss trading patterns and are expected to argue that as a british citizen his actions should face consequences here .
it is not something we like to see from this forward pack and we will be dealing with it this week .
it is our job to figure out what happened and do everything we can to prevent it from ever happening again , senator .
however , critics said the guidance was an over - reaction and figures showed alcohol consumption in britain had been falling .
no one drew bigger crowds to the show courts this week while they were hitting up and there ' s a reason for it .
he cited in particular the advanced cruise missile , estimated to cost up to $ 30 billion for roughly 1 , 000 weapons .
under the current law , an officer charged with an offence , or even convicted but not sentenced to prison , can be suspended but gets to keep his or her income .
`` a few months ago , i directed my team at the white house to look into any new actions i can take to help reduce gun violence , '' he said in the recorded address .
`` when the roof closed , i was obviously up a break in the third and was feeling good , '' murray said .
the wall street journal reported the deal is currently under review by anti - trust regulators as well as the justice department .
she ' s really been great about that , allowing me to take care of the business here that i need to , but my family will always be the most important thing to me , and football will always come after my family .
`` the alliance with the united states is fundamental to australia ' s national security , '' his office said in a statement .
that explanation been supported so far by the state department , where officials have declined to label any of clinton ' s emails `` top secret , '' the highest ranking of classified material .
the boy had been on a court - ordered release involving prior robbery and weapons charges but on monday he was ordered back into custody .
the policy clearly isn ' t across the board but appears to be part of the candidate ' s effort to set herself apart from the billionaire , known for his sharp and often personal attacks against her .
you have to be very careful , so in your attempt to have competition , you don ' t destroy the workplace .
`` if it was a mistake and you didn ' t know , just come to let us know , '' she said .
but with our structure and our foundation , the pieces are in place for us to have a good , strong team .
in response , saudi arabia issued an angry statement pointing out that iran is often accused by many countries of supporting terrorism .
because it ' s quite clear that for people in university today they will have four , five , seven jobs in front of them .
the driver of that vehicle was hanging out of the driver ' s side window in order to see where he was going .
so that means they buy into the same same set of values , and they tend to approach problems in similar ways .
if i can deal with the occasion on saturday and play as well , then i ' ll be delighted .
asked if he stood by his initial assessment of the deal , mr osborne said : `` my only interest is to get the best deal for britain - to bring the jobs here , the businesses here and to make sure that taxes are paid here .
and the fact that black people feel under - represented in studio movies and big movies , well , it ' s what women thought for a long time , it ' s what gay people like myself still think .
of all these , what i ' ve come to enjoy most is the relationship you have with your horse .
if you want to make a change like that , you need to get the county citizens behind you to go through the proper channels .
i think from then on out i ' ve been really focused that she ' s someone that i , and everyone , has to take very seriously .
he said : `` i had a live feed from my camera and straight away you could see it was one massive rock .
but there is nothing stopping them from giving up and simply passing a short - term spending bill keeping the government open until after the election .
but with so much invested - more than £ 6 million in the control tower alone - it is seen as vital that the future of the airport is secured .
`` these 19 new hotels mark another important step in our drive to deliver greater quality for our customers , '' he said .
6 ( upi ) -- a california family is trying to track down the author of a 28 - year - old message in a bottle discovered by a 5 - year - old boy .
christie is among five candidates closely locked right now in a race to finish second to gop front - runner donald trump in the new hampshire primary , which is scheduled for feb .
before april , the total monthly share of electricity generated by coal had always been greater than gas , the federal agency said .
at this time of year it ' s always good to have someone there that can give the club a lift .
that , for me , was a once - in - a - generation opportunity to be part of making this great country even better .
such a cut would reduce the number of staff by more than 1 , 000 and could start this month , according to the sources .
`` when you are at sea for six months or so and not really speaking to a human being , the boat takes on a life of its own , '' he said .
but if you add a million ( or millions ) of people , most of them young men , in one short period , you get a very different kind of shift .
`` i ' ve never been worried about a storm before , but i was worried about this one , '' he said .
what makes those fears worse is that few people have a good understanding of how well china ' s economy is really doing .
these were mostly first - and second - generation parents , largely chinese and indian , many of them with jobs in software and technology .
the video has been viewed over 21 million times and shared nearly 350 , 000 times since it was posted on jan .
in the first week of 2016 , clinton has three new hampshire events , five iowa events and two appearances in nevada in the space of four days .
that ' s how we played early in the year , and we ' ve been getting better at that but we fell back into that tonight .
in short , they need much more money to pay for extra help , but they are no longer looking to the british government for that .
`` we want to put the situation into its proper context , '' she said , in order to determine the consequences .
you ' re not going to see anyone run a guy over in the all - star game , but you can still play hard and make good plays .
however , a 2017 date is considered unlikely for fear the debate could influence french and german elections scheduled for next year .
the percentage of small public schools using ap increased 11 percentage points from 2000 to 2008 , then lost nearly all of that gain by 2012 .
eddie is the new coach and as a player you won ' t know where you stand until the first team is named .
we can not predict when we are going to have a drought and how long it will last , so the best way is to start preventing it .
and what ' s going to happen to this country and the economy when you take away all those people who are doing jobs ?
in other words , there are a lot of people with a lot of ideas and only so much money to make and so many investors to help make it a reality .
although i ' ve mostly failed at self - improvement , i have learned a thing or two over the years .
that really made us feel good to see him get after it like that and having a chance to play for a championship .
so he plans to quickly travel this week to iowa for thursday ' s gop presidential debate , but head right back to new hampshire on friday .
it was not our best game , with the flow of our play , but this sort of character to come back and win is important .
then came the overwhelming evidence produced by the british and german media and finally the fbi turned up in geneva and the game changed forever .
`` we need to make sure patients are safe , i didn ' t want to put them in harm ' s way because of the weather , '' she said .
the people who have the most on the line - that is , ones with money in the country - are worried that the economy is going to slow down a lot more than the government says .
a lot of work has been done already and a lot more work will be done because we said we ' ll strengthen and bring in players and that ' s what we ' ll do .
by reducing the costs of offering retirement accounts for small businesses , obama hopes to make it easier for more people to set aside money for their later years .
new statistics from apple show that the tech giant has made progress toward increasing its workforce ' s racial and gender diversity - but only by just a hair .
i thought i ' d more or less just be playing for the 20s , maybe just training a little bit with the first team .
we are the independent voice of food and drink manufacturers in scotland , and i am very proud to represent such an important industry at this critical time .
oil prices are off about 15 percent from the start of the year , even after last week ' s rally .
they have some young players but many of them are aged 25 to 30 and in the best years of their careers .
mr bush and mr rubio remained locked in a battle for the heart of the party ' s centre - right .
the program was started more than a decade ago , and experts say the crisis would have been far greater without it .
it ' s crazy that someone can make millions of dollars and have a whole career from a sex tape .
`` i was emotional the whole morning about it , '' the 2012 and 2013 melbourne park champion later told reporters .
the shock is that fans paid top dollar for tickets to watch ... well , nothing very much for 56 per cent of the time .
its stock fell 3 percent , compared to the 4 . 5 percent decline in the s & p 500 energy sector .
he said : `` to know i ' ve had one cap gives me confidence , but i don ' t want to see that the end of the story , i ' ve got to push for greater things , and more of them .
while many of us believe that being hard on ourselves will make us work harder , her research showed that that isn ' t the case .
the company ' s total operating revenue rose 22 . 3 percent to $ 42 . 12 billion , slightly missing analysts average estimate of $ 42 . 75 billion , according to thomson reuters i / b / e / s .
there ' s no way we shouldn ' t have won three or four more games especially with the division we ' re in .
you would pay income tax on money you then drew down from the pension , but this is also true of the rent you would get from a buy - to - let .
there are roughly 16 million mexican immigrants total , both legal and illegal , living in the u . s . today .
melbourne airport posted a four per cent increase in passenger numbers to 33 million in 2015 , from 31 . 7 million a year ago .
in doing so , they became the fastest all - female team to have completed the challenge , beating the previous record by five days .
you can win a title , but the owner may not be happy with your work and they have the right to change .
there was nobody on the streets and sometimes , in some places , i even got up to the speed limit .
but this year , because of the danger of isis ( islamic state ) , i will spend new year ' s eve in my home .
there isn ' t much to add other than to say he really looks at home in the wing back position .
if you ' re going to get in there and do open heart surgery , it ' s going to cost a lot more .
one team did it a few years ago and i ' m absolutely sure it was so difficult to do it then .
as an eye doctor i don ' t want to see any more children , pilots or anybody being injured because of these devices .
mr trump ' s defence of mr putin came as he hit a new high in us polls with less than a week to go before iowa becomes the first state to vote .
the white house has said such a trip is under active consideration , but it is by no means certain .
but asked whether there had been an increase in customer complaints , australia post said it does not share that data with the public .
we think that ' s going to be huge for the teams , as well , and the trucks throughout the race and will be implemented throughout the season as we head into 2016 .
he is locked in a tight race with hillary clinton in iowa little more than a week before the first contest of the presidential primary and beating the former secretary of state in new hampshire polls .
the airline said it expects unit costs to rise about 1 percent this year , not including the two labor deals .
the accused worked five days a week trafficking up to 20 people on each occasion , including whole families , for financial gain as part of a criminal network .
he seemed all right to me but in general i think they ' re genuine rangers people and have the club at heart .
in short , he ' s not excited by the prospect of either trump , cruz or sanders being elected president .
but this is such an important issue that ' s so vital to the future of all of americans and our future , that we ' re going to try to get this done any way we can .
we came close to going over the line on a few occasions but went in at half - time nine points up .
in other words , the economy still isn ' t strong enough to handle much in the way of bad luck or higher interest rates - and it ' s getting both right now .
it is going to generate thousands of jobs and be the best real estate in wa by a country mile .
the korean won and the singapore dollar are down 5 percent , while the taiwan dollar has lost 7 percent over the last six months .
we ... don ' t have the authority to review their tax affairs , '' a spokesman told the financial times .
and everything that we do is going to help make more people be able to afford to live in washington , d . c .
now he is doing just that and the result is a title in brisbane at the start of the month and a place in the last four here .
so , they do a lot of things well , and certainly it ' s a huge challenge to go out there and beat them .
those people who make a direct link between immigration and violence are playing into the hands of right - wing extremists .
but when it comes to producing the goods , he is capable and he has shown that through his career .
a state of emergency was declared in tennessee , north carolina , virginia , maryland , pennsylvania , the district of columbia and parts of other states , and road crews were out in force .
you ' ve got to figure out who ' s in charge on the inside , and figure out who ' s the best person on the outside to make that connection .
those who do drink up to the recommended limits should spread their drinking across at least three days , the guidance says .
both the federal reserve and bank of japan hold policy meetings this week , with the fed meeting on jan .
`` if they can not agree on these basic things , then i don ' t know what else they can agree on , '' he added .
the men , two aged 23 , one aged 25 and a 44 - year - old , were arrested for a number of football related and public order offences .
we ' re getting to every part of the city that needs attention as soon as possible , '' she said at a news conference on tuesday .
`` i don ' t know how that bike got there , '' said the 19 - year - old , reportedly in tears .
it ' s almost like you drive yourself into a corner in order to be able to burst out of it .
i ' ve dropped my serve once in the first two matches and i actually haven ' t served that well so that ' s positive .
but in a general election , where moderate and independent voters are the prize , they could pose more of a problem .
whether the result will have a major impact on the uk economy is a subject that i will turn to several times in the coming months .
more than 1 million people arrived in europe by sea last year , the vast majority from the world ' s top 10 refugee - producing countries .
if we feel that is too much , then i am sure that we are going to review that , '' he said .
i didn ' t feel comfortable for the johnson family that no one appeared to - that i or nobody else - should appear to understand .
by contrast , the number of private - hire drivers has risen in the past three years by more than a third to more than 92 , 000 .
`` when we get our morning rush tomorrow morning , we will be ready to go with no problem at all , '' new jersey gov . chris christie ( r ) said during a cnn interview sunday morning .
it ' s a fight both sides seem eager to have , and when tax issues finally emerge as a big issue in the race , they ' ll have it for sure .
i thought he would cruise the last little bit but when the system gets that run down then all kinds of things begin to happen .
a . if a missile attack went into the water , even if it passed over japan , the two countries could ignore it .
`` i believe you believe this organization you joined was dramatically different than what you thought or hoped it would be , '' he said .
the saudi authorities arrested him in 2012 , and he was shot in the leg before being taken into custody .
he thinks the oil price , which hit a low of $ 28 dollars a barrel last week , could edge towards $ 20 .
however , the trade body warned that times remained tough for the industry and its workers , with more job losses expected in the next few months .
i thought about trying to walk out , but there were no ice fishing camps so i thought the ice wouldn ' t be thick enough .
if the election were held , say , yesterday , when a poll from american research group was released , trump ' s lead would have been smaller .
a job is meant to have a level of pain but i ' m still waiting for that to come .
this is definitely a good time to start a run of form , coming into the business end of the season , and hopefully we can continue it against ross county .
if you don ' t hear about it , and no one puts the message out there about it , it could happen to you .
`` this is a new and emerging phenomenon and we still don ' t know all of its consequences , '' he told local media this week .
it ' s obviously a very popular place to park , but that does not necessarily mean there should be more fines there .
with real madrid we also won the world [ club ] cup which has another image to what it has now .
i still talk to older supporters about that team and we still have a lot of the players come to games .
i remember the doctor saying if we did this on our own , there ' d be a 1 to 2 per cent chance that we would fall pregnant naturally .
but as we see , afterwards , once there were problems between russia and turkey ... these negative developments began , '' erdogan said .
we have learned a great deal during the past six years and our experiences will guide us for the future .
he met for 20 minutes with families of people who were killed by illegal immigrants , taking pictures with each relative .
`` we ' re already talking to a few companies who are able to partner with us in advanced development , '' he told a news conference .
`` we can not let this situation continue , we need to get to the bottom of it , '' she said .
if sustained , the 9 . 9 percent fall in the index in january would be the worst monthly loss since 2009 , towards the end of the global financial crisis .
he cancelled some races and dropped out of others ; for nearly four years he failed to run well in any major competition .
for most american drivers , 2015 was a year in which gas prices started out cheap and ended even cheaper .
it can be very difficult for an athlete to say to partner , `` i need to go off and train in china for the next month .
on short notice , supreme was told he could not attend , not even if he paid $ 250 to clean the carpet .
nbc news reported that the father and son turned themselves in as planned on monday at a federal prison in california .
it comes as the prime minister visits the city to meet senior executives from the sector to hear about the challenges facing the area .
this was really one of my ­ biggest wins to date last year and set me up for a great 2015 .
i can see plenty of that and the way we have started all the matches , you only have to look at those to see the spirit is there .
as his brother put it : `` i don ' t see what good that was going to do anyone , really .
when opponents face celtic there are only so many threats to cover , even with 11 men behind the ball .
mr . sanders ' s success so far does not show that the country is ready for a political revolution .
the australian also claims sources close to the government have told it that such plans were part of prime minister malcolm turnbull ' s discussions in his recent visit to the united states .
a national police force has that capacity and those sort of numbers to deal with that threat in the way a small force just couldn ' t do .
while we ' re still running a little warm during the day , at least the nights have been feeling more like winter .
john gave me a chance to come back to my football home , and i ' m just so proud to be part of this organization and this football team .
watch the video above to see how the bitter weather has affected new york city , washington dc , new jersey and philadelphia .
for me , after i have scored a goal in one game , my first thought is to get another in my next one .
it has been a very good run over the last six months , and i think he wants to make sure that people are aware of that .
it may be it is not the level of income tax that matters , but how fast the local authority is able to make it grow .
since then , she has won 31 of the last 39 matches - the sort of form that could take her close to the top 10 if she continues at the same pace .
she said her mother got her arrested and put in a cell by the hong kong police after making up a claim that she had stolen her own pet .
given what is happening inside syria , it is hard to believe anyone is really ready to talk peace , or even a short - term cease - fire .
but all of us can agree to take common - sense steps to keep guns out of the hands of people who want to do harm .
`` you have millions of people that are waiting in line to come into this country and they ' re waiting to come in legally , '' trump said at the time .
`` the majority of presidential energy and detail `` needs to be spent on issues that have `` direct impact on both our economic security and national security , '' he said .
we know the quality of players they have , we know eddie ' s world cup speaks for itself so it is clear for us to see .
her argument was simple : bernie sanders is nice , but only hillary clinton can actually win a general election .
in addition , there is an infrastructure already in place , of organisations which can help new residents from overseas , as well as existing groups of migrants from the same culture , who can help them find their feet .
i received a letter from an elderly lady in east germany who said she was too poor to buy a different brand .
the uk chief medical officers have just published updated alcohol consumption guidelines , following a two year , expert review of the scientific evidence .
`` it ' s a reminder to all of us in the agency of how serious our business is and how important it is for us to always think of the safety part of what we do , '' he said in an interview .
last season , coaches of non - playoff teams received only one of the 75 first - place jack adams votes .
the percentage of rural schools with ap gained 16 points from 2000 to 2008 , then dropped five points by 2012 .
the cat managed to land safely on its feet before turning to look at the wheel in shock at what had just happened .
if russia would have taken part in the war , then the war would end very quickly and with bad results for ukraine .
the network said mr trump had made a late offer to appear at the debate if fox news contributed $ 5 million to charity , which it refused to do .
but it ' s also not too late for kasich , bush , or christie to benefit from a surge in new hampshire and earn the establishment ' s backing .
there ' s nothing like going out there between the white lines every sunday afternoon or whatever day you ' re playing on .
we did not create enough opportunities to get him properly up to speed and go for it , '' agreed bennett .
also , try to buy a home as quickly as possible , the value of which will also appreciate faster than inflation .
by the time we get to the middle of the week , temperatures will be down to around six or seven degrees .
that ' s causing equity markets around the region to fall sharply , and that ' s hitting the australian dollar as well .
the most devastating car bomb was used in a 2013 attack on the supreme court that killed 17 people and wounded at least 39 .
you want to respond to the loss in the right way and you definitely want to respond to a second loss in the right way , so tonight was important .
a storm system that buried some cities under as much as 2 feet of snow had an economic impact estimated in the billions of dollars .
i will give my everything to try and achieve that but basically you can ' t become a top six club unless you have done it for three , four , five years .
under the new rule , i had to have already qualified for the first debate in order to qualify for the second one .
if i ' m going to be away from my family a lot , i want to be playing with someone i feel i can win with .
it ' s difficult now because for the first time in his life he wants to be a free agent so that he can look around and have a feeling day by day what he wants to do .
it took 17 days from start to finish - from the moment we walked into the studio to day 17 , the record was mixed and finished and never touched again .
there ' s a real explanation of life and death in that music and i wanted to get to the bottom of it .
the company said it will also continue to monitor and seek cost savings and opportunities to sell non - core assets .
nhs england concluded that a doctor or a nurse taking their call would have been likely to have seen the need for urgent action .
hiv infections in russia have reached record levels , with the number of people registered as hiv - positive passing the one million mark .
but we are on the one hand part of a strong company and on the other hand have no plans to lead the charge in this area .
in a 2014 interview with the guardian , bowie ' s wife spoke about the beginning of the relationship that became their 23 - year - long marriage .
the lead was 30 - 19 after the first quarter and the margin expanded to 41 - 24 two minutes into the second and to 49 - 30 three minutes later .
but powerful french and german car producers and italian furniture makers won ' t accept anything less than free trade with a non - eu britain .
we nearly did it last year , so we ' ll see if we can go one step further this year .
on thursday night , we got our most sustained look yet at how tv is going to handle a new kind of presidential politics .
although i ' m not exactly being very positive with myself , i ' m still very difficult for my opponents and fighting hard for every point .
police said a driver tried to grab an officer ' s gun after a police chase through perth ' s eastern suburbs .
south africa does not recognize it , making it illegal for anyone to try to use it as a travel document , the home affairs department said .
the football club has got a fantastic structure in place , it ' s debt - free , they make money most years .
the pilot program , which will start in the 2016 - 2017 school year , will be implemented in 20 states initially .
iraq may further boost output this year , a senior iraqi oil official , who asked not to be identified , said on monday .
at the arab league , a traditional platform for american leaders , mr . xi promised to be different from the other big powers .
he said on monday the firm was continuing to invest in oil and gas production capacity despite other cost - cutting plans .
the swedish embassy in beijing said it has been in touch with chinese authorities about meeting the detained man , said a spokesman who gave no further details .
james ' s deep knowledge of the international media industry and his passion for supporting sky ' s ongoing success will make an even greater contribution to our business in the future .
still , computers need to be turned off in the evening because they could be affecting the sleep , but if they are using games to learn that can be a positive thing .
the only reason i can ' t progress is because of a policy and the board is well aware of that .
donald does that , he gets people going -- he shows them what ' s wrong with their country , and they get angry .
so they opened 10 middle and high schools in targeted areas around the district and offered a free cold breakfast and hot lunch to anyone who walked in .
the sites have said they took in more than $ 200 million in entry fees from at least 600 , 000 customers in new york state .
the group said revenue could fall at least 8 . 6 per cent during the january - march quarter , compared with a year earlier .
china is north korea ' s biggest trading partner , and the two countries have been allies for six decades .
the previous guidelines advised men not to drink more than three to four units per day - up to 21 units per week - while women should drink no more than two to three units a day , or 14 units per week .
despite the bad times , and there are some , my husband and i try to remain positive and make the very best of what we have .
to get disability , i think you should have to go to a doctor you don ' t know and who you ' ve never seen before to have an independent judgment of it .
some foreign firms have already signed letters of intent with iran since the international sanctions imposed over its nuclear program were lifted on saturday and many more want to trade with its market of about 80 million people .
the focus instead is on the benefits for a region that , until recently , had suffered from years of a weak economy and severe job losses .
[ but if ] you talk to women that have been successful , they ' ll tell you the opposite .
the health and human services department announced it would lead the federal government ' s emergency response to the flint crisis .
i ' m not saying we can do what barack obama did in 2008 , i wish we could but i don ' t think we can .
she explained : `` when i first moved to manchester [ to join the squad ] you ' d say anything to get in the team .
one way to demonstrate that influence , he told his two visitors , was to have american officials agree to briefly delay the i . a . e . a . report ' s release .
`` i haven ' t been able to give him as many games as he would like but , going into the second part of the season , we ' re going to need everybody , '' hughes said .
the president is expected to use his executive authority on several other areas , but the actions are not yet complete .
for sure , i don ' t want to limit her , i just want her to be free to play her best tennis at such a great stadium .
it would be lovely to make it a hat - trick next year and do something really special but i ' m not getting any younger .
they have conceded just one goal in the eight premier league matches he has started this season , while letting in 20 in their other 12 games .
`` the regime did not come to find a solution , but buy more time to kill more syrian people , '' he said .
it was one of those ones where celtic were entitled to compensation because i was an under - 23 and had rejected a contract offer from them .
it is working to obtain a licence from health canada to sell cannabis oil , which is easier to use for many patients .
ukraine has also been targeted in other cyber attacks , which included hacking into the system of ukraine ' s biggest airport and tv news channels .
but to make someone wait so many years to find out if they have been found guilty seems wrong , while many will ask how the public interest is being served .
and for that to happen - and the same can be said for all of his rivals , too - trump has to lose his command of the gop and the attention of its voters .
`` we do expect that there will be additional charges , potentially against additional suspects , in this case , '' he said .
in the long run , europe must face this as a union and not just single member states looking out for their own interests .
to make matters worse , apple is expected to forecast a drop in iphone sales for the march quarter - the first time that sales will fall since the iphone was launched in 2007 .
the best part is that since the show ended they have had a lot more time to spend with each other .
i ' m not 100 per cent sure about what ' s actually happened but it started at home and ended at the school .
to beat the team that ' s leading the pool , one of the best teams in europe , would be a massive achievement .
the news was given at a meeting with staff representatives who were told the company was making changes to its operations in order to make the business more efficient and sustainable .
he has been out of top - team action since mid - november with a knee injury , but is now back in light training and may well join full training with the top team at the end of next week .
but if he does , i hope he takes it as an opportunity to make a statement , a social statement about change .
the project , which is due for release later this year , has not been named , the new york times reported .
to pressure them into paying , some local authorities refused to register the child if they parents didn ' t pay up , which limits the child ' s access to education , health care and other benefits .
more than $ 100 million in income from the events center project alone is expected for detroit residents , with significant additional income to be created through future private development .
it ' s great that the players have been able to carry it out but i think it has kicked in now .
john williams , the president of the san francisco fed , argued earlier in the day that the rate looks likely to stay near zero through at least the end of this year .
for an impression of how significant that is , it is more than the supermarket ' s entire underlying profits last year .
these were expected to remain high for some time but the `` vast majority `` were not expected to reach the levels seen by storm frank last week .
it had been trading above its long - term average in august , but is now at 11 . 3 , below the 12 . 1 average .
i have had ongoing discussions with steve on this issue for a while , and i feel his leadership is vital in order to move us forward .
the man has no criminal record and is `` not known to the intelligence services as a member of a radical or religious group , '' he said .
`` you know we got to play one more for bernie , right ? '' a band member says , according to video of the performance .
four players sharing the tournament ' s first - round lead is the highest total since five opened at 7 - under 65 in 2008 .
`` there is so much opportunity and it doesn ' t come about by talking about it , it comes about by action , '' he says .
as a result , it ' s going ahead and calling it : today is expected to be the biggest job search day of 2016 , too .
i was putting my money into start - ups where i enjoyed using whatever they ' d come up with .
`` angela and i knew each other because we were both going out with the same man , '' he recalled .
they aimed the car straight at the driver ( of the truck ) and i ' m pretty sure that they hit him .
ms black said women are not being given enough time to prepare for the fact that they will receive their state pension later than they may have anticipated .
`` we had to change our standards ; it was painful , '' he recalled , adding that he was grateful for the countries and companies that had been willing to help n . i . t . c . in those tough times .
she can ' t understand why someone would shoot her son , her best friend , her child who told her he was never moving out of the apartment because he didn ' t want her to live alone .
when people trust the press to be even - handed , it can create the conditions for a robust conversation .
so i can ' t say for certain at this stage whether or not i may commit to playing the scottish .
a lot of the boys say that the team spirit here is something they have never seen before and it ' s really good to have that .
she has now begun attacking mr sanders on issues including his lack of foreign policy experience , for supporting pro - gun legislation , and how he would pay for his healthcare and education policies .
the kansas state health department urged anyone who went to the theater to fill out a survey as part of its investigation into the outbreak .
hillary clinton was riding high in primary polling for the democrats and donald trump was the only surprise in race to the white house .
`` i think you all got more than a little taste about why this young man still , is still so special to so many , '' clinton said .
that doesn ' t mean that trump is a sure thing yet , but he has , without question , the best chance of any republican running to claim the party ' s top prize .
you know , when you hear that we spend more money ( by many times ) than other countries , part of the money we spend is we ' re protecting everybody and we ' re not getting very much for it .
and this is not one of those years , but over the years i ' ve seen numerous black actors and african american actors receive awards and i think that ' s great .
they won the cup so they will be up for it and know what it takes in these semi - finals .
he ' s done a great job for us and really has been kind of one of the foundation blocks from the last decade - and - a - half .
and obviously this year was a big storm but i think we had to look at it in terms of big picture rather than this year .
the sanders argument falls apart when the gop spokesman is trying to help him and the republicans run ads trying to stop hillary clinton in the primary .
police evacuated two train stations in munich on new year ' s eve after receiving a tip - off about a possible terror attack .
this year , the problem has attracted the attention of the general assembly , where three bills seek to strike the right balance .
because the air defence system was so expensive , because it ' s so good , i think people might have been trying to cut costs elsewhere .
we are in the process here of looking at , as you know , we are talking about the changes in the organization on the personnel side .
the core financial argument used by opponents of progress is that scotland in the uk is in such a bad position that things should stay the same and the same people should stay in charge .
the bills include proposals that do things like require a warrant before law enforcement agencies can gain access to emails , provide checks on location - tracking technology , or create new rules about the use of student information .
senator sanders and i share many of the same goals but we have different records and different ideas about how to drive progress , '' clinton said .
according to ms wood , this programme will help london ' s digital economy maintain its reputation as a world leader .
the trick is to recognize the suffering , to understand that these people don ' t risk their lives at sea for a fun holiday , but because they definitely risk losing their lives if they remain in their own land .
she faced that also in later life , with many years passing before another woman lined up with the men .
the score - line was not the same as that 4 - 1 loss seven years ago but the pain was just as great .
he ended up scoring five goals in 20 appearances in 2011 / 12 and just two in five games the following season .
now is the time for canada and mexico to sit down and decide what they want to get out of the next administration .
they are going to take advantage of the opportunities they get and we have to take care of the football because you don ' t want to give it to these guys on a short field .
but the attack then spread in 2005 - 6 to attack the networks of both the us department of defence , and our own ministry of defence .
much of europe has been on high alert since a terrorist - related attack on paris left 130 dead in november .
now , officials say they have begun investigating the cases reported by hospitals , doctors and other medical authorities around the country more closely .
they ' ve carried us for quite a bit of this year and that ' s not a fair thing to do .
as a result , 64 percent of the refugees told the w . f . p . they were going to be forced to leave the country .
`` we are hoping that the day comes when justice is done for those families and the victims that were killed , '' he said .
if you can get them to watch `` star wars , '' there will definitely be more interest in the film .
the county school board is scheduled vote on murphy ' s proposal march 24 , and the county board is scheduled to act on a final county budget april 28 .
maryland school officials say they are confident that government teachers and students will still do well without the test , but i am not so sure .
craig clark said : `` our american customers have been asking us to open in the usa for a number of years and we see huge opportunities there both in commercial space activity and also in the defence sector .
but even though we ' ve had strong rental growth , we ' re still very good value for money , '' he said .
a bomb targeting tv - station workers in the afghan capital killed at least seven people and wounded more than two dozen others wednesday , officials said .
the county ' s 3 , 000 employees have had `` a level of uncertainty with the change of leadership on the board , '' he said .
duncan ' s estimate that 82 percent of schools could miss academic targets this year , up from 37 percent last year , was based on an education department analysis .
another sick - out protest over working conditions forced about two - thirds of the schools to close on jan .
the operating margin was 38 . 8 % for each of the years ended december 31 , 2015 and december 31 , 2014 , respectively .
he was always asking questions and learning and since then he has gone on to become a very good player .
aberdeen ' s city deal is the second offered to a scottish city , after glasgow received a deal of the same size in 2014 .
while some analysts estimate the growth in china ' s gross domestic product ( gdp ) at as little as 1 or 2 percent , other estimates are higher , even if not as high as the country ' s official read .
however he added that he was `` struck `` by the fact that american voters , including president barack obama , are expected to sign for ballot papers when they vote .
this game had nothing to do with effort , it had nothing to do with preparation ( or ) one team playing harder than another team .
but he said the power forward , who kicked 2 . 3 and had little impact , needed to find a better balance between his best and worst performances .
`` the first set today i thought how i look forward to playing and realized that my level is really good ... it ' s really encouraging , '' she said .
xi is the first chinese president to visit iran in 14 years , on a middle east tour that also took him to saudi arabia and egypt .
in an exclusive interview with the washington post on wednesday night , bush conceded that the gop primary here is now a race for the second place behind front - runner donald trump .
i appreciate that the country is facing challenging economic times , however , the sky is not falling in , there are positive business events every day across canada .
he ' s in only his fifth season but the league leader in touchdowns has a chance to win a third championship .
kardashian has been by his side since , even calling off their divorce , and confirmed the situation will come up on her new tv series .
i was very careful in my statement to make sure i did not suggest that she has the backing of either organization .
syrian armed rebel groups said on saturday they held the syrian government and russia responsible for any failure of talks .
the army , however , did not answer the one question the parents of the dead students have been asking for more than a year : who is responsible for the security of the children in a school managed by the army itself ?
first - past - the - post has been around for longer than canada , and like canada , it isn ' t perfect .
`` bernie is one of very few players i have been out on court with who can tell you `` this guy can not do a , b and c and i am going to hit the ball to a , b and c to win the point .
`` so she ' s got the cloud hanging over her head , but ted cruz has a real cloud hanging over his head , '' trump said .
she told me this was not her style , but tried it on for me , '' ms harris wrote on facebook , in a letter addressed to the shop assistant .
as of 8 p . m . , 17 . 8 inches of snow had been recorded at national - washington , d . c . '' s official weather monitoring location .
you ' ve decided that you want to get in better shape for the year ahead , but where do you begin ?
the penalty is £ 1 , 000 for a first - time offence and up to £ 3 , 000 for subsequent offences .
in iowa , he only hit the 5 percent in the middle of last month , and is currently just over the mark .
the influential foreign affairs committee of the british parliament is considering an inquiry into the country ' s economic ties with china , and in particular their implications for human rights .
we are going to make a radical challenge to the snp about how we use the new powers to break from tory cuts .
as long as you take every opportunity to learn more about yourself and fall more in love with yourself every day , you ' re doing good .
`` he was a huge influence on me , '' rubio said in a phone interview with the washington post while campaigning in new hampshire .
under changes brought in as part of the 2012 scotland act , they are required to set a scottish rate of income tax , which will come into place on april 6 .
they say the migrants are not coming to their countries but to europe , so there must be an eu - wide response .
the statement also said that the government would provide support to individual drivers , but it did not provide any details .
you can walk for a whole hour and still not pick up that you ' re very close to the city centre .
`` the coalition has been and still is keen to create the right conditions to find a peaceful solution , '' the statement said .
for the first time in its history , there will be no muslim mps in parliament , an absence that is in itself telling .
`` the negative effects of the oil price shock are increasingly spreading beyond the energy - producing regions and sectors , '' the bank said in the survey .
there was a lot of good football and the game in a few weeks won ' t be any different .
my wife is from the caribbean , we have a home there and i spent some time there over christmas .
denmark imposed temporary border checks with germany last week after sweden , the final destination of many migrants passing through denmark after a long and dangerous journey from the middle east and africa , did the same .
i think there were a lot of plays i got hit pretty hard today , so it ' s just football , '' brady said before going on to send a message to the fans back in new england .
they were hitting shots and we kind of started thinking about ourselves too much rather than the whole team and the big picture .
and they ' re worried about stuff i wrote 50 years ago . do i think republicans will do that ?
the fed noted , however , that inflation was below its 2 percent guidance in part because of lower energy prices .
we just need to be more consistent , so hopefully we can put in another performance like last weekend ' s against hamilton .
when you get on radio ads , especially for democrats , they ' re more likely to be ads that are not just targeted to african - americans but feature african - american voices .
the two at the start of the second half in particular , are something we have to look at because we can ' t allow that to happen in any game .
i didn ' t think what happened later was a sending off but i knew he was coming in so i cut across him .
david miller ' s brother michael told reporters minutes after the judges delivered their verdict that justice had been delivered .
it ' s been a wonderful time to be a banking investor but now is not the time to be investing in banks .
but taken together , these studies found no reliable evidence that negative campaigning does what candidates really want : win votes .
in 2012 - 13 around 20 , 000 south australian households joined the company ' s campaign and secured an average 15 . 5 per cent bill cut .
while it ' s clear that scotland must now plan for a time beyond oil , there is still a future in the north sea .
as a result , 24 % expect to switch industries and 42 % have no idea where they may end up .
the tie - up would reduce the number of mobile operators in france from four to three , creating a new giant with a market share of close to 50 percent in mobile and fixed - line communications .
she took on a fair bit of water and was a fair way out of her depth - if we didn ' t get to her when we did she would have been in far more trouble than she was .
under the new law , which will come into force in two years , companies operating across the eu should only have to deal with the regulator in the country where they have their european headquarters .
more than half of the 2 , 200 mcdonald ' s restaurants in mainland china are now open 24 hours a day .
`` that ' s what i mean , when you ' ve got to do a lot of things at once , '' she said .
it would demand dramatic changes in the way that health - care providers of all kinds do business , and in the way patients get care .
he said he helped a child out of a building , when he was asked where was this he said he didn ' t want to discuss it explaining that he found it sensitive to talk about .
is parliament different with more women at the cabinet table , which some advocates of elected women believe it will be ?
the lawsuit follows a legal challenge filed by texas , another republican - led state , to stop the immediate entry of nine syrian refugees .
a spokesman for mr corbyn said the leader had `` several discussions in relation to changes to the shadow cabinet `` but would not give any details of who , if anyone , was being moved or sacked .
and i think one of the reasons president obama has moved as far to the right as he has , is he thinks he can go all the way and no one will stand up to him .
it was not clear that the government was willing to take this longer - term view ; it is a great relief that it has .
mr cruz ' s plan might have been prompted by the arrest in his home state of texas of a refugee who arrived from iraq in 2009 .
he also announced a ban on all travel on new york city area roads and on long island , except for emergency vehicles , as of 2 : 30 p . m .
many of the students are brought to this country as babies or small children by parents seeking work and a steady education - not thinking of higher education .
it allows those who , on the date of the referendum would be entitled to vote in a parliamentary election in the uk , the right to participate in the in / out vote on the eu .
while some australians take the view we should walk away and let the middle east tear itself to pieces , that ' s not going to happen .
and there ' s the reality that there are neighborhoods around the country where it is easier for a 12 - or 13 - year - old to purchase a gun than it is for them to get a book .
it was officially confirmed for the first time on friday that asylum - seekers are among suspects wanted in connection with the new year ' s eve violence .
the analysis , by the press association , also shows that five areas have at least 10 under - performing schools .
many members of the european parliament say there is a clear conflict of interest and support commission plans for a more independent system .
`` every time i walk in this room , everyone expects me to win every single match , every single day of my life , '' williams said .
when he speaks in that role , he doesn ' t sound like a hard - headed conservative , though conservative he certainly is .
the bbc will have extensive coverage across tv , radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra and on the bbc sport website .
a poll of more than 20 , 000 readers in 2014 confirmed that a ban would have the backing of 72 per cent of you .
to ensure we are doing all we can in this fight i will be meeting key coalition defence ministers next week to review progress and to plan the next stage of the strategy .
the organization said that studies published by the japanese scientists from 2004 to 2012 give the team the strongest claim to having discovered the element .
this leads to drivers who eat or drink on the move being twice as likely to be involved in a crash .
that hasn ' t really hit the markets yet , but i think we ' re now starting to see that .
the report claims all of the 16 players have ranked in the world ' s top 50 at some point and that more than half of them were playing in the australian open first round , which started on monday .
it was our biggest defeat of the season [ 5 - 2 ] and we want to win there , '' he said .
i know it ' s a tough time for people who work in the industry and their families , and i am determined that the uk government will do what it can to support them .
that said , it was missed opportunities at the other end which did more to cost them victory on this occasion .
rubio is looking for a strong third - place finish as a way to separate himself from the other mainstream conservatives in the race .
`` if things were to change with the company , we would move it up our radar screen , '' mr . campbell said .
with these funds , your investments will gain and occasionally lose value at roughly the same rate as will the market as a whole .
health officials in the united states virgin islands announced on friday that a 42 - year - old woman with no history of recent travel had been infected .
but , while town hall meetings have a long history in the u . s . as a form of government , they only recently emerged as a feature of presidential campaigns .
the united states has sent dozens of special forces soldiers to help rebels fighting islamic state in syria although the troops are not intended for front line combat .
`` it ' s not that we don ' t want negotiations , but we want them to succeed , '' she said .
she is survived by her husband , her daughter , victoria , her sons , james , who now runs the family business , edward , the conservative mp , and oliver and henry , her two adopted sons .
on tuesday morning , firefighters helped to rescue around 30 people by boat from a school bus trapped in flood water .
but after years of working in other people ' s businesses , in 2005 the brothers decided to strike out on their own .
i would be a pretty poor defence coach if i didn ' t have confidence in the team we have got and i am more than confident of getting the right result next saturday .
today in my conversation with the chinese i made it clear : that has not worked , and we can not continue business as usual .
the criticism is that mr cameron looks like falling short of what he pledged when he began the referendum process in 2013 .
he said : `` we ' re looking up to an extent but we have to also keep an eye on what is happening below us .
more than 100 , 000 registered users visited the site when it was under the fbi ' s wing , usa today reported .
the republican presidential candidates are holding a debate in iowa on thursday night - but the front - runner isn ' t there .
last season the first round would have been three - over and this would have been two - under , so i ' m getting a little bit more out of my game .
what he is most likely to do is say that no further contributions from march 16 will attract relief at the higher rate .
now it ' s a good chance to try to show we are better than them and win the game .
but although most schools will track the achievement of their boys and girls , there seems to be little focus on the gender gap in education policy .
as it happens they won both these matches but without the four - try bonus points they might have looked for .
he became one of the first mps - and the only rookie - to file a private member ' s bill during the new parliament ' s brief sitting this month .
still , trump has not yet received the endorsement of even one republican governor , u . s . senator , or u . s . representative .
all i can say is that usually it is the special services or people from the special services who have access to these kinds of things .
`` once you ' ve had a hit , it ' s hard to write another song without having that in the back of your mind , '' he observed .
the decision to visit the capital of scotland ' s oil industry follows growing concern that the region could face devastating job losses unless political intervention is taken .
`` i ' ve lived in iowa a long time and i ' ve never seen anything like this , '' he said .
of five registration centers due to be set up for migrants arriving in greece , only one is running so far .
`` he has stopped an explosion but longer term it is going to be very split by this issue , '' farage told the bbc .
police and the public transport authority are trying to assist people ' s exit from the city as quickly and safely as possible .
i ' ve got a serious problem , a psychological problem and i need help ... treatment ... i ' m scared that i ' m going to do something like this again , or worse .
he recalled later that he made a landing which would have been perfect ... had the plane only been closer to the ground .
public shareholders would demand a piece of that money , which the government has often used for public projects having little to do with oil .
all three were taken to area hospitals with injuries that were serious but not life - threatening , investigators said .
the momentum that comes from an early victory is huge , and i believe that bernie ' s campaign is in position to take advantage of that momentum .
the fact is , you ' ve only got 10 to 15 years to earn big money and you have to save .
baker is hoping to get cross - party support for the plan , which he hopes will get through a key part of the parliamentary process before may ' s election .
it ' s all come into focus here as i ' ve thought about these past historic movements and where we are today .
the way i read what he said is if i didn ' t get the nomination , he might consider it .
but he had little kids at home , and he was desperate to do a show in a u . s . city .
carson had enough to get people interested in him , but the campaign has often seemed much larger than him .
the fed also on wednesday updated its broader policy strategy to indicate that it would be concerned about inflation running both above and below its 2 percent goal .
we are barely one - third of the way toward our goal of raising $ 250 , 000 by friday .
after shooting less than 40 per cent themselves in their past two games , toronto shot 45 . 7 per cent on sunday .
after the financial crisis in 2009 it was a great time to be a value investor as share prices were incredibly cheap .
those investments are what ' s going to help to make sure that we continue to lead this world economy , not just next year , but 10 years from now , 50 years from now , 100 years from now .
`` that means somewhere along the line , a combination of family , schools and policy failed this particular population , '' jones says .
25 , but a group of 17 supporting nations , including the united states and russia , have not decided which rebel groups will have a seat at the table .
2016 is going to be a excellent learning opportunity for me and i can ' t wait to get started .
it ' s a natural thing that happens and maybe if i was able to explain it more then i might not be able to do it .
in the first half it was a very even game , both clubs have some moments up front , not clear cut chances .
that ' s what many candidates try to do - usually with less art - but cruz may be unique .
the club have been fined several times by european football ' s governing body due to problems with elements of the support .
its policy setting committee meets next week for the first time this year and the follow up statement , expected on jan .
joe said , `` people will not be disappointed in the amount of characters , '' with anthony later adding they have a `` board with 67 characters on it `` for the film .
`` when i talk about a commander - in - chief who will never leave our men and our women behind , '' she said as she began talking about her son , `` let me get a little bit personal on this .
as the attention moves away from china and towards earnings season , that could create a better tone for the market .
my body wasn ' t 100 percent yet , but i wanted to help the team so i wanted to be out there .
instead , the 69 - year - old - who has never held elected office - said he will host an event to raise money for military veterans .
when people want their car back , they give their location , pay by phone and within 20 minutes they are back behind the wheel .
i think that if you look at the tries we have scored this season we have scored some good tries from our attacking shape .
north korea deals with serious restrictions in earning foreign currency for the regime , but pyongyang has managed to make its weapons programs a top priority .
it ' s their job , and their responsibility , to come forward with policies which will help us to win the next general election .
in addition , the holiday firm must take all reasonable steps to keep its costs and losses to a minimum .
oil prices reached their lowest level in 12 years earlier in the week , but they jumped the past two days .
no matter who the voters have chosen , it ' s our job to work together , and i ' m sure we will .
we have a chance to go into the last six games and had some opportunities there and we didn ' t finish like we wanted to and the results didn ' t come up like we hoped to .
the eu executive last forecast in november that the euro zone would grow by 1 . 8 percent this year and 1 . 9 percent in 2017 after an estimated 1 . 6 percent last year .
`` the significant reduction in investments combined with the effect from the cost cutting measures implemented last year should support positive cash flow development despite the challenging environment , '' he said .
it is not clear how many more background checks will be conducted as a result , or how many lives - if any - it would save .
now they employer can ' t play games with them because they have to sit down with this group and this group alone .
and if it ' s not , we could use the information to make sure a driver ' s rating isn ' t affected .
the proposals would see the creation of a new `` middle `` tax band of around 30 per cent which people would start paying with a salary of about £ 42 , 000 - the current 40 per cent rate .
i have achieved everything i hoped for , including the big three of olympic gold in 2008 , world number one in 2010 , and commonwealth gold in 2014 .
sweden ' s foreign ministry confirmed that two swedish citizens had been detained in greece but gave no other details .
the general consensus is `` nice , big and bright , '' but one young woman has a unique suggestion at the end .
a good story with a good solution , but there ' s also the ongoing tension between the version of the characters we developed for the modern setting now sitting in victorian times .
some will pop up on your netflix home screen , depending on what the streaming site thinks you want to see .
he said the company has not yet decided whether the test will be offered directly to consumers , but it is possible .
the next day his 13 - year - old sister opened the front door of their house to find his head on the step : a warning .
if such support is not received , `` then it would be very , very difficult for us to continue the way that we did in the past , '' he added .
not a lot of people are backing us , but we ' ve got to take confidence from this game and build on it .
`` a lot of people in this industry hear they need to lose weight more times than they should , '' she acknowledged .
because the e . u . is the united states of europe - the world ' s other great center of democracy and economic opportunity .
but how does a reporter go about telling a story in which the central character is dead and the reporter was not there when it happened ?
it is the most high profile endorsement mr trump , the front - runner in national polls , has received so far and a major blow to his closest rival senator ted cruz .
it is those families and businesses who are paying their fair share of taxes who have to carry the burden for those who do not .
mr and mrs day tried to change her will three years ago , but she was too ill to make the decision .
`` we really want people to act now when we can actually save those children ' s lives , '' she said .
i need to be one of the best in the world with my short game if i ' m going to be successful out here with the way i play golf .
`` now we have the ability to begin to work together to address the concerns that saudi arabia and other countries have and that we have , '' he said .
our stock price may be affected by actual or perceived market opportunity , competitive position , and success or failure of our product candidates .
in 2012 , the agency asked manufacturers to gather information on use as it investigated whether new rules were necessary .
but certainly i must be pleased with a straight - set win because both sets could have gone a different way .
but still no trump -- he held a rally in clinton , iowa , about 350 miles across the state .
so it ' s not unusual for stocks to be up 3 percent one minute , down 2 percent the next , and then finish the day up 4 percent .
on and offshore wind provided enough electricity to meet the annual needs of more than 8 . 25 million homes - more than 30 per cent of uk households - up from 6 . 7 million homes in 2014 .
it is a different situation for me and hopefully one that can help me maintain a little bit of fitness and be available a bit more .
she recently returned to find out how life has been for families caught up in the disaster , the latest in a series of extreme weather events that have been linked with climate change .
and that ' s why raising rates 0 . 25 percentage points has had an impact of something much larger than 0 . 25 percentage points .
it seems as if this person has said they did it , and they need some help understanding what they ' re seeing .
we were in a deep hole at half - time but the boys did well in the second half with the wind behind them .
right up until january 4 , sentiment was pretty good , there was even something of a santa rally in the days running up to the holidays .
that was driven by higher prices , rather than more properties changing hands , as the price per unit investors paid for rental housing in the city hit its second - highest point in the past 25 years .
`` every road game we ' ve come out with low energy and it has hurt us , '' thompson said .
arizona ' s carson palmer , who broke the franchise ' s single - season record for passing yards , did not play in the second half .
aaron davis covers d . c . government and politics for the post and wants to hear your story about how d . c . works - or how it doesn ' t .
`` they want to block his path to power by any means necessary , '' said jonathan london , a vietnam expert and professor at hong kong ' s city university .
she said although she saw the number 8 . 9 written in her uber application , she didn ' t understand it meant she would pay 8 . 9 time the normal rate .
it ' s also one of the most dangerous places to be a woman , with an estimated 70 per cent of women experiencing rape or assault in their lifetime , according to human rights watch .
according to the list , in october 2014 one officer resigned after being found guilty of getting drunk and attacking his partner .
some analysts project that apple will report iphone sales as high as 77 million , up from a record 74 . 5 million for the 2014 holiday season .
since no one else was leaving , i remained in the same position and waited for him to leave 15 minutes later .
but then i really felt for the united boys , because they ' d done so well to get to the final and i ' d been a part of that .
it ' s very positive but we need more , the last four games have been important for the players and everyone at the football club .
in wales , the shadow cabinet was told the party would lose its effective majority in the welsh assembly - labour currently has exactly half of seats available but rules alone rather than in coalition .
we are proud to support the mission and programs of the north texas food bank to provide food to individuals and families in the north texas region .
`` in criminal cases , the rule is pretty simple : a prosecutor isn ' t allowed to have secret communications with the court , '' he said .
the $ 42 . 3 billion budget proposal - a 5 percent increase over the current fiscal year - includes a $ 17 . 1 billion operating budget with full funding for education and other core services .
we will apply our same principle ' s we have used to build the highest quality performance cars to the off - road market .
however , confidence is just low to medium - meaning there ' s a decent chance i could be wrong .
many of those lawmakers are now preparing new , non - nuclear sanctions proposals against iran that will be unveiled in the weeks ahead .
so if the question is , can a bernie sanders and what he stands for , and the fight for economic and social justice carry over to the general election and millions of working people , i think the evidence is that it can .
paris : paris police have fired tear gas at taxi drivers trying to march onto a major highway , amid nationwide french strikes and protests over working conditions and competition from non - traditional services such as uber .
friday ' s incidents are believed to be connected to the murder of a swedish asylum worker earlier this week .
`` we ' ve got a big task ahead of us , '' he stressed , `` because the club are lower in the league than they would have wanted to be .
the spurs ( 32 - 6 ) are just the second western conference team to open a season 22 - 0 at home .
for britain , much is at stake , too , as it could find itself outside the bloc ' s single market , and the united states and other major powers have already said they think the british would be better off remaining a member .
he also had home advantage with the crowd behind him and after a decent start to the year , his confidence was riding high .
women who are planning to become pregnant should discuss their travel planes with their healthcare provider to assess the risk of infection .
by the time of the next debate , this stage will look different , since it has at every debate so far .
though most school systems said they would remain closed again tuesday , many work places were prepared to call on their employees to return .
the report noted that most of the men were north african but that investigators have yet to `` prove with concrete evidence `` that the suspects were actually involved .
but davis said he ' s been more inspired by sanders , particularly his talk about taking on wall street and breaking up the banks .
there is a lot that i have to say about the experience , and what happened , and i hope to bring that to the american people and the world .
every day i ' ve turned rounds at least two shots worse than they should have been and when you do that over four days you are going to be miles behind .
tottenham have conceded a higher proportion of goals in the final 15 minutes of matches than any other team , with seven of their 16 coming in that late period .
i am worried because there will be a vote and it is always possible that people will vote for leaving europe .
i was in my second year at spurs when i first started out on my level two , then b licence and a licence and now this and the biggest thing for me is how different it is .
but for various reasons that we don ' t understand , location seems to be playing a very big part .
in a fourth report , the philadelphia fed said its non - manufacturing business conditions index fell three points to 21 . 4 in january .
why should he be able to hide behind a new identity after all the terrible , terrible things he has done to his victims and their families ?
i ' ll be going to aberdeen tomorrow where we ' ll be saying more about what we can do to help this vital industry at this vital time .
as long as you give 100 per cent , you live right off the field and play right on it , then the lord will take care of the rest .
on friday , obama is also announcing a summit , the `` united states of women , '' that the white house will host in may .
they were surprised to learn - as was the class teacher - that few of the six - year - olds had ever been on a train .
but if you must leave , be sure that you ' re equipped with the right tools to get you out of trouble .
those opposed to opening up to china say europe ' s decision will have knock - on effects on trade with other major partners .
that might be part of the reason she ' s getting more attention than donald trump and bernie sanders for her age .
she not only has a solid base of knowledge in all aspects of the business , she also has proven to work effectively with our clients and personnel over the years .
i hope he can win , but his impact has already been made and his legacy , i don ' t think it should be affected by this one game .
the manchester club have been watching williams closely , but they are not the only team interested and real madrid , arsenal and liverpool have also been regular visitors to his games .
no injuries and only minor damage were reported with the quake , which struck at 5 : 39 a . m .
the south australian job market has also improved in the past eight months , which could boost retail spending if maintained .
we ' re grateful to all the developers who have created the most innovative and exciting apps in the world for our customers .
`` he effectively led the taliban during a very complicated time , which was the u . s . surge in 2010 , when obama wanted to kick the taliban over , '' he said .
officials said 23 people were killed and 44 were wounded in the combination attack , for which the islamic state also claimed credit .
as many as 1 , 000 men had gathered near the city ' s train station , and the city police did not seem to have been prepared for a crowd of that size .
if you don ' t have that sort of quality - and i ' m not being critical of any of the players now - then what you ' ve got is what you ' ve got .
as soon as police took her aside for questioning , she `` broke down `` and told them everything , a police report shows .
well , speaking of acting , can you tell me about how and when you came to los angeles to do what i know you ' ve been doing for so long ?
football can be funny in that things can change so quickly and , within a week , you can be back in the team and scoring goals and you almost forget that spell that you had out .
`` today ' s move is probably more about drama than data , since the data has actually been holding up ok , '' he said .
yes [ it send a message to the other teams ] but it is only one game and three points .
5 - your friends at home will judge you for stuff that is just a normal part of life where you live - like having hired help around the house .
the unemployment rate held steady at a 7 - 1 / 2 - year low of 5 percent even as more people entered the labor force , a sign of confidence in the job market .
a recent study found that about 1 in 30 people looking to buy guns on one website had criminal records -- 1 out of 30 had a criminal record .
`` we ' re going to win every state if bernie sanders is the nominee , '' ohio gov . john kasich said at the last republican debate .
the old english school was that you had to have two days off in the week , while in europe it is one day off .
so , you know , six , eight , 10 , 12 inches of snow on a weekend will not be something that i think will be more than we can handle .
you get the chance to learn about and be involved in issues that pass most people by , especially in the field of international policy .
the officers called for an ambulance when they arrived , and the woman was taken to kings county hospital centre for treatment .
he said : `` up to that point , most large - scale flooding events in scotland were river - based .
yes , there will still be a focus on fashion , one which is important if m & s is to continue to attract the next generation of shoppers .
if he wants to stay in the race , he likely needs to at least beat out the other gop establishment candidates like rubio , new jersey gov . chris christie , and ohio gov . john kasich .
because if you do that , people on the outside and people who are involved in it might respect you a bit more .
a growing uk economy has led to a welcome £ 1 . 5 billion increase in scottish exports to other parts of the united kingdom .
`` as soon as people can get back to their offices , they ' re going to see what the situation is , '' anne said .
miami ( 6 - 10 ) , despite the surprising win , finished its seventh straight season out of the playoffs .
`` i ' d like to think i ' m making good progress but you never know whether they ' re going to move at the speed that you want , '' he said , warning it may be now or never .
i ' m hopeful that by the end of the six nations , he ' s the best no 6 in europe .
`` i wasn ' t aware of the question as stated , knew little about the ad or campaign strategy , '' he told the washington post in an email , adding that he does not speak for the trump campaign .
after the north said it had carried out a nuclear test in 2013 , mr . xi warned that world peace should not be threatened by the actions of a single country .
so it ' s got the potential to be a good line , and we just have to go out there and play our game .
`` i knew we were going to slow the game down and the ball was going to come back through me a lot , '' green said .
`` we ' re making a massive investment in growing this business across britain , and it is more about growing the bank than it is about making an immediate profit , that has always been our plan , '' said mr hill .
in 2014 , u . s . president barack obama pledged in his state of the union address to do all he could , using executive orders if necessary , to expand opportunities for u . s . families .
arizona , which started slowly for the second week in a row , finally scored on running back david johnson ' s 1 - yard run with 5 : 44 left in the first half .
but i know what it will mean to some of my players who were told they were not good enough .
he was arrested three times in germany , and has a lengthy police record including charges of assault , theft and gun crimes .
a report says is had operated at least 46 , 000 twitter accounts in a three - month period in 2014 .
`` i shouldn ' t hit him too hard , though , because then he ' ll go down , '' said trump .
to make matters worse , for the march quarter , apple is expected to forecast a drop in iphone sales - its first ever .
but more than 1 . 5 million people in the country have already been affected and there are widespread concerns it will affect even more .
they shouldn ' t forget that the time to look for a better job is hard to find when you ' re at the other end of the labour market .
the study can ' t say why child abuse reports are so much more common among people in the military .
that has probably given mr . assad a stronger hand to play next week , when negotiations toward a political solution to the conflict will begin in geneva , american officials said .
the company said its cost - reduction efforts added 10 cents to its profit in the three months ended dec . 31 .
we know what he likes to do , you know , getting the offense out there , being able to survey the defense and look over everything and try to get them in the right place .
the pm has been clear that on this specific issue , for these individuals , collective responsibility will be lifted and they will be free to take a different view from the government , as individuals .
in 2014 , he became the first mayor in years to sit on the board himself , saying he wanted to ease tensions .
meanwhile , local police forces urged drivers and people walking near the coast to take care , while a handful of schools closed .
they ' ve got a good rush , they ' ve got a good front , and they just force the offense into making a lot of mistakes , and that ' s kind of the mark of a good team .
as business accounts for over half of total capital spending , maintaining an attractive climate for companies to invest in the uk is vital .
there were once five people on the stage -- a number that ' s about half the size of most of the main - event republican debates .
china is pushing the u . s . to return its citizens that it suspects of fleeing corruption investigations at home .
u . s . forces could previously strike islamic state in afghanistan but it was under more narrow circumstances , such as for protection of troops .
they ' re making the assessment that marco can ' t win this race , and the washington establishment is rushing over to support donald trump .
when the internet went down i suddenly found myself with so much free time , i just didn ' t know what to do with myself .
a young lawyer who sought to make lives better , she went on to become a politically fierce first lady .
their homes are worth about one - third of typical houses in michigan , and the families get by on about half as much income .
boris johnson , who has long called for the measures , said : `` it ' s a measure of the trust that we ' ve built up that we can expand the success and deliver better services far and wide .
or they might look at how often a president of the same party is elected after a two - term presidency , like that of obama .
it ' s a problem when people are parking outside schools - you can ' t get out because it blocks your vision .
the more changes you make , both in your personal life and at work , the more you will achieve , the more you will earn and the more options you will have in the future .
the winner of each division is guaranteed a playoff spot , as well as the two teams from each conference with the next - best overall records .
an orange county resident who had traveled to south america tested positive , the county health commissioner ' s office said .
it is on television , playing against liverpool , a lot of people will be watching , so go and enjoy yourself .
they led for a lot of the game , but we knew we were going to come back and that helped us make stops down the stretch .
new jersey governor chris christie , who is also in the republican race , described trump ' s decision at such a crucial time as `` a big mistake `` which calls into question his ability to be president .
the defense ministry revealed the new air - to - air missile will move to the second stage of discussion following successful first talks .
in the washington area , the center found that the failure rate in 2009 was 23 percent for maryland , 28 percent for virginia and 75 percent for the district .
he ' s one of the great defensive coaches in the league over the past , really 40 - something years .
for all obama now must do now is sell himself enough for voters to want to see four more years of democratic .
`` it ' s an exciting opportunity , but i ' m focused on session right now , '' he said thursday .
`` to get everything in the city done , we ' re probably looking into next week , '' he said .
our new target will be to deliver at least 50 , 000 affordable homes , which will be backed by over £ 3 billion of investment .
a few months ago polls put carson at first place in iowa , and he ' s since slipped to a position where he can merely hope to finish in the top three on monday .
one is that the price we pay for goods from developing nations will fall which means we as consumers have more money to spend on other things .
they ' re trying to create an environment in which their customers buy the right thing on the first try .
`` from the mayor ' s perspective , she has sent down these bills and there ' s been no action in a long time , '' evans said .
`` it ' s critical that we give confidence to companies that when they make this type of effort , there is somebody to buy it , '' he said .
the reality is that they were at public events telling people water was safe to drink even as they were bringing in clean supplies for state employees .
we recognise this is difficult news , and our focus right now is on our employees and to ensure they have all of the information they need as we move forward .
you can never predict what happens in the future , but i ' m enjoying my football at the moment so i ' ll keep going .
democratic presidential front - runner hillary clinton might be right when she says most americans - as many as 80 to 90 percent - support some gun - control proposals , such as expanding background checks .
in order to participate , democratic candidates must have an average of 5 percent in the five most recent national polls or in the five most recent polls in iowa , new hampshire or south carolina .
in december , a british appeals court reduced his sentence to 11 years in prison from his original sentence of 14 years .
a forward is currently the main priority as diego costa has suffered a crisis of confidence in front of goal .
what we are doing monday to friday is a lot more consistent , but what we need to bring more of that through on the weekend .
the risk in relation to zika during the olympics will still exist , but it will be a lower risk than now .
the results were good and his defensive record was very good so he is now in the position where he can compete again for his position .
if south africa play out of their skin and we hit the same standards then i ' ll be happy .
british prime minister david cameron hopes to win a deal on reforms with the european union at february summit , opening the way for a referendum on membership which could take place as early as june .
a further yellow warning for heavy rain on monday has been issued for northern scotland , with a similar warning for wind covering the whole country .
i couldn ' t move my feet and thought i ' d never be able to walk again , '' she said .
it is far from ideal situation for the warriors , but wilson says that the team has every right to believe that his team can turn things round .
`` it is not just the pressure it is putting on nato and the eu , it is also the humanitarian cost , '' the official said .
apple customers who think they might be eligible for a free exchange can read the company ' s recall procedure here .
unlike cricket , golf is popular in europe and the united states , so i guess i would have ended up going there a lot more .
the child was born in hawaii to a mother who had become ill with zika virus while living in brazil last may .
`` as much as i really hate the whole feeling of being pregnant , i enjoy the challenge of getting my body back after it ' s all over , '' she wrote .
hillary is fine but , let ' s be honest , she is talking about these issues now because bernie is forcing her hand .
the then snp leader set out his vision in 2013 following improvements to the right - to - buy scheme and a growing awareness of how land ownership north of the border remains in the hands of the few .
cruz remains the most popular figure in the field for conservative primary voters , despite ( or more likely because of ) his washington solo act .
`` let ' s see how much money fox makes without me in the debate , '' the billionaire businessman added .
the scottish national party leader is battling criticism from scottish labour members who claim that she has not done enough to tackle the devastating job losses in the north - east of the country .
she then gets them ready for school - which is also hard because they bomb around with such wild energy .
british officials say that current levels of funding in response to an international appeal of $ 8 . 4 billion has reached only $ 3 . 3 billion .
in japan , the coach tells the player what to do ; but here the players discuss with the coach what they think , and they have more leadership .
i don ' t invest in the stock market , but i have pension funds - some in america and the uk .
for him it is just about playing now , this weekend is another opportunity to get some more game time .
the great thing about the space race , and one of the reasons why it was so successful , was that it had a clearly defined goal .
he was also the first muslim to serve as india ' s minister of home affairs , from 1989 until 1990 .
`` i don ' t want to be represented by people who make statements against my interests , '' he said .
in fact , if anything , i think this and who knows , this may be better than being listed as being on top because it will help people say i need to get out there , '' he said .
his life , although it can be complicated , he ' s happy with it and that ' s showing on the pitch .
they wanted what most educated middle - class people around the world want : good schools , job opportunities , a decent house .
before donald trump made great reality tv , before his campaign to make american reality great , he never watched any of the shows .
the dead included a central illinois teenager whose body was recovered on friday near where a truck in which he was riding was found the day before .
as much as the winning streak or anything like that , we have to make sure we treat our fans to quality basketball , but that last quarter wasn ' t quality .
that ' s why we ' ve set an ambitious target to sell £ 5 billion worth of assets by 2020 , which will put us on track to meet our target .
i realized there are issues in the world like that , and there are products in the world that could be made to improve the situation .
i say `` probably `` because we don ' t yet have the full figures for the final quarter of 2015 .
if you ' re asking me has the campaign moved faster and more successfully than i thought it would , the answer is yes .
we want them to promise us in writing , in public that they are actually going to address the concerns that we have .
while bennett was full of praise for the way edinburgh performed , he also insisted that last weekend ' s result was a case of his team losing the match rather than the opposition winning it .
i wish the club all the very best for the rest of the season and every success in future , keep standing free !
that debate , buried deep into next weekend ( as is now to be expected from the democrats ) , is being hosted by nbc news and youtube .
at current rates , it would seem - with the number of new cars almost being forced into the market - that uk sales must soon peak .
he said that if there is one thing the government is determined to keep spending money on , it is war .
the man was unknown to police before the incident at the park ' s new york hotel , the source said .
but there are different kinds of intelligence , and carson clearly doesn ' t have the kind of political and policy know - how and background that a presidential candidate needs .
jay runs on my outside , but a couple of years ago we decided to move him on the inside so he did not have to run further .
although the government is going to allow local authorities to raise council tax to fund social care , the crisis is so great that any extra cash will barely touch the sides .
`` china should not follow the united states , '' the source said , referring to the u . s . demand that north korea give up its nuclear program before any negotiations .
so far , we don ' t actually sell beer in any of the machines we have sold - but there ' s certainly room for a six - pack or more .
the source told fox news a second service member was injured when a medical helicopter sustained damage when it evacuated the injured troops , which included afghan soldiers .
her department initially asked for $ 1 . 5 million but the supermarket agreed to pay a third of that .
there is , however , something else which is of equal , if not more , importance in a free and democratic country and that is the maintenance of the rule of law itself .
`` there are a lot of guns around me right now , and i don ' t feel afraid at all , '' said one speaker .
during the last decade , however , concerns have grown about a growing list of side effects and significant health risks .
to some degree there ' s pressure on me , because it ' s a game i ' ve got to perform in because of the competition here .
i don ' t know how long that will take , it ' s a long journey but i ' m ready to do it .
but we are here to do an important job and we can ' t wait to get out on the park .
care homes in particular are a major expense and it is especially tough for people who don ' t have the luxury of a defined benefit pension scheme to pay for it .
there is also no legal time limit for card providers to consider claims , meaning a section 75 dispute can last several months - or years .
washington senior u . s . and russian defense officials held a video conference on thursday to discuss military air safety over syria as the two sides carry out separate air strikes targeting rebel forces in the country , the pentagon said .
polish media report he had been wanted by police since august 2008 in connection with an incident at a football match the previous year .
i can ' t be certain we ' ll get there in february but i will work as hard as i can to deliver a good deal for the british people .
the service launched in london five years ago but is now used in 29 cities across the world , including birmingham and manchester .
company owners and ­ managers found guilty by the courts of being responsible for workplace deaths could be jailed for life under the ­ proposals .
tory transport spokesman nick cook said the impact on buses was one of the `` prime concerns `` and insisted it was vital to keep the city moving .
but we didn ' t get another goal and we were always a bit scared they might go and get one back .
`` they are trying to get students who are the `` low hanging fruit `` at 16 or 17 by running summer schools , '' he warned , `` but these students are already doing a - levels and would probably get to university anyway .
if the level of consumer confidence and the growing popularity of eating out does not continue it could have an impact on the trading of the company ' s restaurants .
in other words , if the election were held tomorrow , the actual results would probably be somewhere in between these two polls , with trump not doing as well against cruz as it may appear .
china ' s growth this year should land at 6 . 7 per cent , down from the forecast of 7 per cent made last june , the bank said .
the legal procedure to end the appeal could take some time to complete , after which there should be nothing preventing his removal back to the united states , the official said .
it will mean that care workers , teachers and others looking after children will have a legal duty to report abuse or face a prison term of up to five years .
i don ' t know why he looked at my dad to sort that out , he ' s not the most professional person in that sense !
that same month , a similar surge of public anger travelled across turkey , a country where the middle class nearly doubled between 2002 and 2011 , growing from 21 to 41 percent of the population .
many other business owners will have nothing because they put 100 per cent of their funds into the business , but six to 12 months would be much , much better .
bush told the story three other times in late december in new hampshire and in south carolina in september , according to a cnn review of his remarks .
the survivors were in shock and unable to provide clear accounts of what happened or how many people had been on board .
`` i have to really look , because when you reach a certain age you can not just do anything , '' she said of acting roles .
`` i am encouraged that ideas are coming forward that have some force but we are not there yet , they are not yet strong enough , '' he said .
they have all been playing the game except for china - so far - and it is a zero - sum game .
you might be about to enter a whole new kind of pain with networks offering so much you simply can ' t keep up with what ' s on the box .
in addition , it was clear that the company had already made the decision to take the jobs to mexico before we even met .
nearly 24 million children living in 22 countries affected by conflict are not in school , the united nations said monday .
but he ' s the sort of player that if your level ' s not quite there , he ' ll make it very tough for you , as he did when i played him at the french open .
at this point , the 7 p . m . to near midnight zone looks like the main target , more or less .
a mom - and pop store might have just those three levels , or perhaps a fourth , which covers two to five years .
a jury took just over an hour to find the 35 - year - old guilty of being concerned in the supply of drugs .
i don ' t know if it ' s the surface that we have had to train on , the soft ground , whether that ' s a factor , but it probably just needs a bit of rest to recover .
in this context , the role played by a property ' s reception can ' t be over - estimated .
i think it ' s hard to imagine the outrage that the people working for the united nations and for the causes of peace and security feel when these kinds of allegations come to light .
china claims most of the south china sea , through which more than $ 5 trillion of world trade ships every year .
the sentence imposed today ... is a warning to every victorian employer that they must provide a healthy and safe workplace for their employees .
i don ' t believe in that , but i ' m here now and given an opportunity i will certainly take it with two hands .
for patients whose cancer spread , 21 percent of younger patients survived beyond five years , compared to just 14 percent of older patients .
our international standing on education has slipped , our nhs is under strain , climate change targets have been missed and police scotland - we all know what happened there .
the mother of two said the $ 25 , 000 prize would buy her time to write her next novel .
obama said he ' d received a report from the officials that included recommendations on the steps their offices can take to combat gun violence .
but at a meeting in october , she heard from women in her district , and they talked a lot about their daily struggles and `` how it all adds up , '' she said .
the pattern of the complex attacks is almost always the same : an explosion , often from a bomb placed in a vehicle , which creates an entrance .
it may seem like your dream job right now , but will you be able to work in your industry if you end up leaving ?
it ' s only a minute , before it ' s dark again , but then i know in a couple of months i will have people visiting .
a report in canada ' s national post last year looked at the high levels of mental health problems in the isolated community .
they were , then , a simple , cost effective and efficient way for the cardiff asylum seekers to be able to get their basic needs met - nothing more , nothing less .
i won ' t sit at home and do nothing but you are a long time retired and i want to play as long as possible .
if they didn ' t believe the h - bomb , there ' s no way they ' re going to believe this .
the market value of the industry will reach $ 70 . 9 billion by 2019 , they report in a study .
u . n . h . c . r . then advocates for the most vulnerable 10 percent ; the other 90 percent will have to make a new life as best they can .
i work non - stop , i ' m working seven days a week on my case , that ' s all i do .
and now it ' s the type of thing that a lot of people are sick and tired of hearing , '' he says .
sometimes they ' ll join a family they ' ve been involved with , but it ' s extremely important to be provided with professional support and they have very specific needs .
now , you know , as people watching may not be aware , we have the legislative process for new powers which is , you know , coming to a conclusion .
but i also think there is a trend throughout the world for people to look closer at their own culture and language - scotland is a great example of that .
more than half of scottish employees have admitted using work time to research and book holidays , according to a survey .
it ' s the same thing as i ' ve always said : if anything were proven , i ' m the first one out .
germany saw an unprecedented 1 . 1 million asylum - seekers arrive last year , many of them fleeing conflicts in syria , iraq and afghanistan , and most have come through turkey .
the german interior ministry said on tuesday the refugees and asylum seekers concerned had already said at the border crossing that they did not want to seek protection in germany but rather elsewhere .
given the substantial investment in this series - over many years - one has to wonder quite why it has not been shown , in peak time or even at another time .
no one knew it at the time , but the stock market reached its low point in march 2009 , just weeks after obama took office .
it ' s a nice feature to have though - one of the problems with having so much available is it ' s difficult to know what to watch , so having a few options is a nice touch .
they are calling for her to come home and the desire she ' d had that morning to escape is now knocked aside by her need to be with them .
researchers at the university of michigan report younger patients have better survival rates , often due to more aggressive treatment because their cancer is more advanced -- and had only been caught because the cancer was large enough to cause symptoms .
that , in turn , could expand the firm ' s pool of drivers and help current drivers buy better cars to improve service .
the last fox news poll , just two weeks ago , showed texas senator ted cruz winning by 4 percentage points , with 27 percent to 23 percent for trump .
if you run a family business , a will can provide an opportunity to ensure that the business lives on long after your death .
we want to be looking up the table rather than over the shoulder and if we keep winning that will be the case .
at least 17 people have been killed on wa ' s roads this year compared to 11 the same time in 2015 .
in britain , which doesn ' t use the euro , retail spending suffered its biggest year - on - year fall in over six years during the crucial christmas selling season .
what ' s more , london is europe ' s primary capital market and eu firms will still need to do business here .
`` he ' s a very young man , and we ' re still obviously working through what happened here , '' anderson said .
`` we all know people are angry and they are upset for a lot of good reasons , '' the vermont senator said .
the nation needed to retain a triple - a ranking to ensure it could service a commonwealth debt interest bill running at just over $ 1 billion a month , he said .
mr simpson - kent was later reported as a high - risk missing person and officers have been unable to contact him since that date .
republican presidential candidate ted cruz said in december at a hearing on climate change science that there had been no significant global warming for the past 18 years .
for sanders to win he has to get a lot of younger people who haven ' t voted before to show up .
while the day gave little hope that the two sides would find a way to work together , there did appear to be at least one point of agreement .
we claimed for the damage to our house and land from the insurance company and government organisations involved , and that battle only ended after four years in 2014 .
a construction worker who loved his job , he was finishing a course on the path to a management role .
on sunday , however , adams caught four passes for 48 yards and a touchdown before leaving in the second half due to a right knee injury .
`` people just want to know that their leaders are with them , that everyone is in this together , '' williams said at the time .
the man is still in custody and will be questioned , police said , expecting to have him in custody until at least saturday .
the u . n . refugee agency has warned repeatedly of the threat facing an entire generation of syrian children , many of whom are not able to attend school .
the opportunity presented itself yesterday to get the deal done and , just like the others players we have brought in , i think it will help us improve significantly .
`` i don ' t think i can say that if she hadn ' t been brought to the hospital , she would not have had ongoing problems , '' he said .
trump wrapped up his 65 - minute speech with a plea for iowa to stop its trend of picking republicans that do not go on to become president .
on his cycling career , the perth - born forward said : `` i wasn ' t too bad back in the day .
she won a lot last year but i think she was far from her best and i think she ' s closer this year .
his strong support from conservatives -- and his defined position as being anti - compromise and anti - moderate -- plays well in iowa and less so in new hampshire .
it ' s unclear whether the man was hurt in a hit - run or whether he jumped or fell from a vehicle .
donald trump is just trying to build up the audience for thursday ' s debate , for which we thank him , '' said a fox news spokesperson .
`` i ' ve been hit before , and don ' t worry , i hit back harder than i get , '' he said .
`` you can ' t just go `` we have money , '' and throw it away and take any players you want .
ministry if defence figures show that uk air strikes have risen from a monthly average of 29 between may and october last year to more than 80 in december .
they kept us [ in ] yesterday to ensure it was moving and not getting stuck on the high risk areas .
it is one of the few issues on which hillary clinton is more liberal than sanders , and gun control has wide support among progressive democrats .
a falling stock market and the ongoing brexit debate will continue to put doubt in the mind of british businesses .
right now , we don ' t feel like it is the right moment for us to go in that direction .
if you didn ' t receive a good education , or if working a second job leaves you with no time to do the research , all of that is much harder .
they would rather not have products that are perceived in a negative way from an environmental or health point of view .
i think the rangers fans can look at us and say the squad is in good shape on the back of four very good performances .
only six points separate tottenham and its north london rival arsenal in first place , and spurs have only lost twice all season in the league .
trump may be the most successful reality - star - turned - politician to date , but he ' s far from alone .
both teams tried to play rugby in difficult conditions but a lack of match play in recent weeks proved the difference between the teams .
also being watched closely this year is the labor force participation rate , or the share of working - age americans who are employed or at least looking for a job .
he said : `` one of the biggest monthly bills many people pay is their mortgage - and an important source of income for people is their savings .
`` 2016 will be an even bigger , more successful year and the studio continues to grow , '' he said .
the only concern with paul is he hasn ' t played for three or four weeks , so we will assess that .
it is unclear if the incident caused any damage to either vehicle , but a sign at the entrance to the car park makes it clear the council `` takes no responsibility `` for damage .
a chinese island building programme in the south china sea has led to fears beijing is preparing to impose a no - fly zone over them .
`` i understand what i did was wrong , but not at the time , '' nick said , according to the notes .
last week , obama mentioned two of the more significant ones , each of which took advantage of the natural experiment offered when a state changes its laws .
it is always a process that takes quite a while and obviously they said it would take quite a few months to get right , but there has been a lot of improvement .
well , i don ' t think there are a lot of republicans who think the problem with republican leadership is that they won ' t make deals with the democrats .
`` it ' s becoming increasingly clear that the first thousand days of a child ' s life are crucial , '' explained the father - of - three .
the activists behind that campaign told ms prince that they had hoped that mps other than mr corbyn would be the left ' s candidate in the election .
we will now continue to move further and faster in 2016 to clean - up the bank and improve our core businesses , '' said the chief executive .
may , who was a key member of england ' s world cup squad , now faces a race against time to prove his fitness for the three - test tour of australia in june .
`` he would watch me at howard , '' she said , though she didn ' t know it at the time .
one of us was always going back to our day jobs while the other tried to keep the project moving forward .
we haven ' t made final decisions on anyone as far as moving on from people or moving on from people or re - doing contracts right at this moment .
scotland does not count oil and gas exports in its economic data , though gross domestic product grew 0 . 1 percent during the third quarter of 2015 .
scotland needs to use these new powers to show that we ' re an even more attractive place to raise a family and to start a business .
it ' s been as tough 16 - week fight for us , but we ' re where we want to be .
it ' s on us to decide where people are able to get decent situations to live , and not on them to decide where they want to go .
our first wedding was a big traditional affair , so we didn ' t feel the need to do it again - we decided to keep it quite low - key with our family and friends .
`` this is the area where in my view i ' ve failed the president most dramatically , '' he said .
but i don ' t consider that to be as important as the fact that when we get all three films done , we drop them a year apart .
i was told , though that i did risk prison , although on balance i thought the photos would be worth it .
i ' m still kind of getting over it i mean i ' m still kind of you know , still a little bit shocked by the whole thing really .
he said : `` as you know , in early january i announced i would stand as chairman of the fa for a further year , although i wasn ' t certain this was the right decision for either the fa or me .
trump at times seemingly finds himself in a religion contest with cruz , and his attempts to look religious have occasionally come across as forced .
it ' s essential to recognise that we aren ' t going to see lots of special funding from central government to change behaviour .
without proper procedures being followed for the recording and reporting of incidents , there is little chance of any action being taken to address the cause of the injury .
we are still working on those issues , and plenty more , but we expect to learn a lot from our japan project .
almost four in 10 cited `` greater patient responsibility for managing their health `` as the factor which could most improve the health system - ahead even of extra funding .
how do you convince countries with big oil and gas industries , like canada , that this shift is a good idea ?
i must say , i have been through hundreds of interviews over the years , but i have never met or interviewed someone quite like this man .
before the refugees `` arrival , the island had empty homes because there were few employment prospects for young people growing up there , many of whom have moved to the mainland in a bid to find work .
police shut down two train stations in munich over new year after receiving a tip that militants from iraq and syria were planning attacks .
he also pointed to the campaign ' s iphone app , which the post has written about in the past .
the average american worker enjoyed about $ 19 , 100 ( canadian dollars ) in new investment by u . s . businesses in 2015 .
oil prices aren ' t quite as high as yesterday but they remain above the $ 34 a - barrel mark .
the yes - or - no question was quickly compared to the strategy trump has proposed for screening muslims trying to enter the country if he were to temporarily ban them .
although administration officials cast the proposed new sanctions as severe , in the past enforcement of such restrictions has been poor .
an opponent might say it was also tragic that , in mr cameron ' s britain , some children turn up to school having not been fed by their parents .
in her final few months as a student and with the end of the school year in march , the station is now scheduled to close for good on march 26 .
that ' s why today was very good for me , to see the level i can reach at the moment , when i am not 100 per cent fit .
the strike on a british - funded facility came as a variety of rebel movements were invited to join peace talks in geneva on friday .
but what ' s really in dispute is what was said behind closed doors , in a private reception held in a comfortable room .
she said : `` the reason [ scientists ] have only just made them is because they are so difficult to make .
the central bank , which is expected to raise interest rates next week , has cited the drought and food inflation as major concerns .
we need an insurance industry that is recognised by consumers for what it does , rather than what it does not do .
it means that the ideas that do come into your head need to fight a bit to get in there , and for me , those tend to be the good ideas .
where ' s he ( president obama ) been when the crime rate and the murder rate in chicago has gone up in 18 percent ?
the poor field position that resulted from his work limited new england ' s options and helped the broncos maintain control of the game in the second and field quarters .
we called for an average temperature of 42 to 44 degrees , which is 2 . 3 to 4 . 3 degrees above the december average of 39 . 7 degrees .
clinton invited her daughter to call , saying she is in the office late because of attacks on u . s . facilities in egypt and libya .
the requests continue for hours on end , this year with hundreds of millions of dollars in school - construction funding at stake .
in return , the eu has pledged 3 billion euros ( $ 3 . 25 billion ) to help improve the refugees `` conditions .
our passing was not at our normal standard and we couldn ' t really get into the game in the first half .
and because nothing is more important than the safety of our citizens , i ' ll make sure the police have the budget and the backing to keep us safe .
the company reported higher revenues due to increased volume from its advertising partners compared to the third quarter of 2015 .
it will have occurred to you by now , i ' m sure , that you might one day pitch for the leadership of your party .
asked whether he had given his players greater freedom he anticipated what would be in the following morning ' s newspapers .
there should be lots of good deals available - and you don ' t need to rush to book - playing a waiting game could result in even better late offers .
trump ' s rhetoric and policy ideas on immigration have , after all , played a pretty big role in getting him this far .
abc news reported las vegas police have listed brown as a suspect in a battery investigation , but would not confirm further details of the alleged incident .
the head wound was `` significant `` but not life - threatening , the spokesman told afp , adding that the man was taken to a nearby hospital in a stable condition .
they were meant to allow complete ease of movement - to run , sit down , get in and out of cars with comfort .
when talking to voters , i focused on republicans , but two of those people said that volunteers from democratic campaigns had stopped by to talk to democrats in the house -- volunteers from clinton and sanders .
the price of gold has risen in recent years and , on the global market has become a billion pound industry .
the stock closed up 6 . 1 percent ahead of earnings , still down around 16 percent since the start of 2016 .
however we wanted to make an early decision to help our supporters make appropriate plans and ensure the game went ahead this weekend .
`` we are not fighting them , they are attacking us , `` he said , `` i want to tell you the truth .
some of these young players haven ' t been playing for that long and will realise that it ' s a huge club .
in other words , the company wants to have it both ways - they want americans to purchase its products , but aren ' t interested in investing in americans making the products .
the changes meant that more than 50 , 000 households who were expecting to see their homes protected were warned they would still be at risk , many in the north .
he had demanded a four - year ban on migrants from other eu countries claiming in - work benefits in the uk .
it ' s a smart move for rubio , whose campaign is increasingly visible in new hampshire and in iowa after months of keeping a low profile while building a political machine to challenge better - polling rivals such as donald trump and ted cruz .
until we have a congress that ' s in line with the majority of americans , there are actions within my legal authority that we can take to help reduce gun violence and save more lives -- actions that protect our rights and our kids .
if the sanders ad only mentioned wall street and campaign contributions , i could see a case that maybe this wasn ' t all about clinton .
she issued an angry stream of tweets aimed at both the international support groups who organised the march and at the french government .
`` the show is about race in america , '' said scott alexander , one of the show ' s executive producers .
for 2015 as a whole , britain ' s economy grew 2 . 2 per cent , down from 2 . 9 per cent in 2014 , when it was the fastest - growing major advanced economy .
around 7 , 000 of them had made the half - hour trip ; their largest away following on record .
but he noted that there is a similar urge in france and the rest of europe to keep refugees out or , when they can not be kept out , to keep them away .
as ever , the safety and care of patients is our top priority , and the n . h . s . has robust plans in place to ensure those who need emergency treatment will continue to receive it .
and of course there are many , many social occasions where , to mark the fact that these occasions are special , we will be offered a drink .
with kids `` setting the right example , '' as one student said , more parents might be inspired to leave the car at home .
i can ' t say anything more , such as whether we would do anything ( next week ) or not .
so i encourage companies to be thinking about all of these issues , and hopefully they won ' t have any issues to worry about .
cameron ' s own cabinet is divided on the europe question , and at least some of his ministers are expected to campaign for an exit , although none have yet shown their hand .
germany is now also estimated to be turning away around 200 asylum seekers a day as they try to enter the country from austria .
my excess is 25 per cent of the claim , they are looking at a claim of something like £ 90 , 000 .
despite strong revenue growth , twitter reported it added 4 million users over the quarter , a growth of 11 percent year - over - year .
the company is working on delivering one major export order by the end of march , but that is not guaranteed .
the dollar has already fallen below 70 cents u . s . because of our close economic ties to the oil industry .
you didn ' t need anyone telling you what you had to do because you were going up against good players with big crowds .
the rise had a lot to do with demand , which grew by more than 200 percent between 2005 and 2012 .
he added : `` at the moment there is probably half a dozen players who , if we had to play this weekend , couldn ' t play .
at least that is a deal the premier league clubs should be able to understand , and with the cuts it is facing , the fa could do with the funds .
even on the one issue where congressional leaders say there might be some room for compromise - criminal justice reform - americans are divided politically about whether it should be a priority .
there were few details yet about the shooting , which occurred shortly after lunch in the remote community of about 2 , 600 .
and then when he doesn ' t go out there you realize he ' s in a lot of pain because it ' s not in ben ' s nature to not play .
a number of london mps have expressed their frustration over the slow running and delayed services serving the capital , after it emerged earlier this week that more trains on key routes arrive late than they do on time .
murray took the first game of the set off the back of a slow start to the match , but had to battle hard to draw even .
it is important to note that the government came to power in 2013 through a democratic process accepted by all political parties and the international community .
eu regulations mean passengers are entitled to cash compensation when their flight is delayed for three hours or more , unless the delay is beyond their control .
and when we score goals and we create always chances , then it is a big difference because a lot of journalists are saying the second - half was better .
we can confirm training is in place and will continue to all staff in the lead up to the change on 6 april 2016 .
the lawsuit also asks that the two companies provide an accounting of the money they collected from new york - based consumers .
i hit her three times , the first to make her aware i had this bottle in my hand and if she didn ' t let go of the knife i could make her .
but house democrats argue that the wave of central american migrants coming into the united states , even if they are crossing the southern border , are no ordinary immigrants .
however , jeremy hunt choose to pick a fight with the very people who keep our nhs running , and he has left them with no choice but to take this action .
he got his first taste of the restaurant business when his father walked out , and he started earning money to help support the family .
last week , a well - connected new york republican told me that he thought bloomberg would jump in if donald trump won the g . o . p . nomination .
it ' s especially important to us that were here during the columbia accident , because they were our friends , too .
so , a photographer from paris ( one of the great in the world ) is taking pictures of my wife for a magazine .
more than one million people travelled to europe last year - the majority of them refugees fleeing conflict in syria , iraq and afghanistan - in the continent ' s worst migration crisis since world war ii .
it looks like it ' s going to be another 40 minutes to get them back to the school because of a severe storm coming from the west .
`` if i were a candidate for the senate or governor or congress in ohio or florida or missouri or new hampshire or pennsylvania , i ' d be really , really concerned , '' he said .
trump responded that he was a `` world - class businessman `` who got along with anyone he needed to get along with to get business done .
but i think if we play as hard as we did tonight , then we ' re going to give ourselves a chance to win every night .
however , its short range meant it had to get so close to a launch site that it would have been vulnerable to fighters and air defence systems .
i spoke to him about it a few days later , and we agreed that it was exciting when artists who ' ve been performing for a few decades are still writing great new music .
the state would pay the team monthly to cover construction , the private debt service , and costs of operating and maintaining the line .
the republicans , who control both houses of the u . s . congress , see the plans for new sanctions as a test of the obama administration ' s resolve .
a known associate , with whom he had committed crimes in the past , was identified by police in the crowd that night , the newspaper claimed .
this will require difficult decisions but i am determined that we will develop a service the public trust and have confidence in and which our officers and staff are proud to provide .
we will need to win more games like that throughout the season so it shows there is another side to us .
the dollar is strong because investors view the u . s . economy as being relatively more robust and attractive than others in the advanced world .
then he could travel three miles from the university campus to the debate venue , taking his spot on stage just before the 8 p . m . start time .
i want to teach these guys how the game should be played , how to have fun and enjoy it , not take it out on them - but also to have great careers as well .
there are believed to have been no eye witnesses to the attack and police are yet to confirm whether a murder weapon has been found .
it has published annual reports since 1990 , focusing on the killings of journalists and media staff in work - related incidents .
this is the first time that doctors have gone in strike in 40 years , and that reflects the crisis that we ' ve met .
after a student tweeted his support for trump and trump ' s stance on immigration , a twitter war broke out .
but it doesn ' t and the teams are too good here for you to only put in 40 minutes .
he didn ' t shoot the ball particularly well , but over a period of time over the course of a game , more often than not , he will get himself going .
president obama will participate in a live town hall on cnn thursday , white house officials said , part of his renewed push for additional gun restrictions in the united states .
we are a very diverse family in our interests , but d of e is something we all have in common .
mr power wrote that : `` the overall reaction has been significant , much more than any in the college predicted .
in some areas children may receive vision screening in their first year of school , when they are aged four or five .
`` this is very heavy snow so i ask that they please be careful as they clean up their own property today or their businesses , '' he said .
i ' ve never heard about this happening in any normal country : only one candidate in a presidential election .
now it ' s a decision between the two clubs to make sure he moves on to the next stage of his education .
people are focused on oil , they ' re focused on china , but the market is still trying to find its feet .
air strikes also hit areas in the east near where government forces have been fighting against islamic state , which controls most of the province .
but there appears to have been a change of heart following his escape from mexico ' s top security prison last july .
he supported efforts to investigate obama ' s birth in hawaii and often suggested that the president was born outside the country .
i was in a rush , had left it as usual a little too late to set out for the airport .
this might be europe ' s biggest challenge yet but it is one we need to face together by creating safe and legal routes for refugees .
we continue to like the odd mix of the business , which provides steady revenues , and would buy for the long term .
he added that the company ' s strong performance in 2015 put it in an `` excellent position `` for the coming year .
perhaps a better measure of its cloud strength is what the company calls its combined cloud business , on track for $ 9 . 4 billion in annual revenue , the company said .
because there was a time , early in his rangers career , where a goal was just guaranteed if he was on the park .
the fourth - quarter growth pace was in line with economists ' expectations and followed a 2 percent rate in the third quarter .
i expect the commission to be creative , '' he said , adding he expected a proposal for parliament in february or march .
the scottish fa will hold talks on offering the scottish cup for trials next season and the english fa , which has been a big supporter of video technology , is expected to do the same with the fa cup .
for a start , leaving the car at home almost always involves more walking - to and from the bus stop or train station - bringing extra fresh air and exercise .
and , buried toward the end , it also referred to an incident that says something about the adult trump , what sort of a person he is , and what kind of president he might be .
we have to challenge them much more next year - much more on their cuts to local government and their lack of investment in the needs of our economy and our people .
`` men do watch river city , i agree entirely with you that it should have been changed , '' he said .
9 , they can ' t sell more than 1 percent of a listed company ' s share capital every three months .
but this is a way of telling us he is extremely confident that he has the ability to overcome these challenges .
he said it was disappointing to see masters stores close and his biggest concern was the number of employees who may be left without a job .
the result , at least for now , has been a 75 percent drop in the price of oil the last 18 months , down to $ 30 - a - barrel .
24 ( upi ) -- the taliban has released a list of conditions that must be met before the militant group will consider joining formal peace talks aimed at ending the conflict in afghanistan .
it was the first time most people had seen a jump shot , and it soon caught on with players throughout the country .
it took two decades of investment , and massive spending on high - quality drama , to make it a global success .
she could have written her ticket to go anywhere she wanted all she was really interested in was providing legal services to poor people .
those who already hold the card are charged £ 24 for the first year - after 12 months the fee will increase to £ 36 .
our stock price may be affected by actual or perceived market opportunity , competitive position , and success or failure of our products or product candidates .
on sunday , two boys , aged 14 and 15 , were turned in to police custody by their parents , while a third , 15 , was also taken into custody , a law enforcement official said .
the band requested that fans not attend the ceremony due to limited space , but they ' ll be live - streaming the service on the group ' s youtube channel .
the pressure certainly did get to them [ the management ] , we should have just have finished where we left off in the six nations in my view .
[ when mary asked me to join the staff ] i went away and had a think about it to make sure i felt confident in delivering what mary wanted and i ' m here .
the boom is in part the result of the tap - and - go card payment limit increasing from £ 20 to £ 30 in september .
`` you know , we ' re not going to beat hillary clinton with someone that will say or do anything to get elected , '' he added .
`` this is the first year where we have a significant number of public polls that are using voter lists to draw the samples for the polls , '' murray said .
`` he goes after anyone who doesn ' t happen to be a rich , white male , '' ms . bell says .
even beyond the usual circle of anti - immigration activists , similar concern could be heard over whether the government ' s policy had come at too high a price to social stability .
on top of that , profits were so good he promised retail investors would get a chance to buy stock at a knock - down price , as a little election - time treat .
`` how any reasonable person could look at gun violence and say that guns are involved is beyond me , '' said texas senator ted cruz .
although you gave her a $ 10 bill , she ' s not going to spend $ 10 if that ' s how much the store is charging .
he didn ' t mention a word about immigration until roughly two - thirds of the way into his very lengthy announcement speech back in june .
the flint water crisis has become a focus of liberal outrage , and clinton highlighted the issue during the last democratic debate in south carolina .
but it ' s not a good enough return for money you ' d otherwise be investing for long - term wealth building .
last season that total would have secured second place , but leicester have taken only two points from their last three games , without scoring .
7 ( upi ) -- a north korea missile aimed at the south would only take `` tens of minutes `` to reach its target , south korea ' s defense minister said thursday .
it ' s better than the doctors thought it would be considering he has lost a number of muscle groups .
this is the way i operated , and i guess it ' s the way i ' m going to operate until the day i die .
at this time of year people ' s thoughts turn to the future and what it may bring and what they hope that it brings .
but lawyers for the trust said on thursday that both doctors had acquired the equivalent experience while working abroad before moving to the uk .
it also has instagram , which continues to add users and has become a crucial second advertising platform for the company .
`` it is a threat the united states must take extremely seriously , '' kerry told reporters in beijing on wednesday .
to be quite honest , when i walked out of the press room i thought i was somewhat tough , but at the same time i was fair because i said nice things about him .
british visitors there already get 25 per cent more for their pound than this time last year - an additional £ 200 on each £ 1 , 000 .
this produced an effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2015 of 31 . 7 % , compared to 31 . 5 % for the earlier quarter .
she is quite small , but we believe she is around 11 years old , so she will need a little extra love and care from her new owners .
this is a significant difference and it ' s important that , you know , maybe it ' s time for senator sanders to stand up and say i got this one wrong .
`` i ' m not willing to say it was an error in judgment because what - nothing that i did was wrong , '' she said .
it ' s been a difficult time for chris , but he ' s still an important part of the team and i know he will support dylan .
in part to try to prevent either of these things from happening , a number of former obama administration officials are working for the clinton campaign .
kentucky shot 48 . 6 percent from the field ( 17 of 35 ) but only 2 of 9 from 3 - point range .
it wasn ' t at full staff , but didn ' t have enough customers to warrant more than the dozen employees on - hand .
he ' s been doing it a lot , just making plays , getting into the lane , scoring for himself and others .
i knew that he was sick , but he was very active with a musical and friday he still released a new album .
`` the economy , because of the strong work of the obama administration , has recovered in the state of maryland , '' he said .
i can remember playing against him when he was with celtic and the way he linked up with other players was good and hard to play against .
the s & p 500 could fall another 8 percent before earning a `` bear market `` title and some market investors still want to see more blood before they buy .
`` germany is going through massive attacks to its people by the migrants allowed to enter the country , '' donald trump said .
south korea ' s policies also had an influence on north korea decisions to develop drones , according to the analyst .
while the new study did not find a strong association at any age , researchers remain concerned about the possibility that patients over age 65 could be at greater risk .
he said his campaign had spent the least amount of money , but had `` the best results , and this is the kind of thinking the country needs .
hillary clinton ' s campaign said earlier this month that it raised $ 37 million since the beginning of october .
still fairly fresh in my career i wanted to put together some points to help you achieve career - focused goals which have helped me .
these people started saying that we were told not to go to the factory , because bad things are happening at the factory .
this morning , in light of what is at stake at syria talks , i appeal to both sides to negotiate seriously , in good faith , '' kerry said in an address .
it ' s because he ' s a muslim kid and the parents can ' t speak much english , they have taken advantage .
the odds are 1 - in - 100 that you can actually do it , but you ' ve got to have belief .
the job requires a mix of political , educational and leadership skills - and few people have all three , he said .
it comes after migrants in calais were given the green light to use european human rights laws to join their relatives already in britain .
that ' s what he ' s in the team for , he wants to get close to people and be aggressive and we have to deal with it .
`` he is an extremely lucky boy to have met these american parents who love him like he is their own , '' the child ' s chinese mother said in a letter that was also published online .
i ' ll put in a great effort , i can ' t wait to make the most of this opportunity .
march 31 was always a forecast date , not an exact one , and this is again true about may 8 .
those who know her say they wouldn ' t be surprised if she moved onto the next phase of her life .
don ' t tell us you can ' t see an 18 - year - old george w . bush or an 18 - year - old barack obama saying the same things .
i liked smith ( who was played by jason lewis ) , i thought he had a real heart and he was good for her .
when a crisis can ' t be avoided then the focus must switch to ensuring services provide the right treatment and support , really fast .
we are committed to working together with local authorities and partners in the best interests of all households looking for permanent accommodation .
his wife maria was recognised for her work in the arts , culture , education and indigenous rock art programs .
on a wall in their office is a world map covered in small silver stars : one for each article that ' s been published about the machines .
this campaign aims to make sure parents and young people are aware of the signs so they can help stop abuse before it happens .
and , just in case trump ' s audience didn ' t get the point that he holds reporters in low regard , he challenged them on their education .
even though i beat him in the first six debates , especially the last one , ted cruz wants to debate me again .
the trouble with being in the heart of everything is that , for better or worse , you get the attention .
what ' s crazy is that people living in his street , in his town or city aren ' t allowed to know .
minnesota missed 10 straight shots from the field in the second half as michigan state turned a one - point lead into a 53 - 43 lead with 9 : 39 remaining .
`` china has considerable strength in capital , technologies , equipment and other areas , '' mr . xi wrote in his letter .
she said : `` we are not ruling anything out , but the key is making sure that we can actually achieve what we are trying to do .
the samples are supposed to come from around the city and reflect a judgment about what homes might be at risk .
it follows a study , conducted by queen mary , university of london , published in april last year which showed just one in ten authors can now afford to earn a living from writing alone .
i try to respect everybody as a person because i ' m like that but sometimes you have to make a decision that makes people not happy .
but , he said , apple is also facing fierce competition in the all - important chinese market from local firms that are offering low - cost phones .
when i asked why , the little girl just said : ' my dad ' s dead and my mum fell on her head and now she ' s crazy .
yahoo ' s stock has fallen 36 percent over the last year , making investors nervous about the risk of a further big decline .
if anything , microsoft has something to lose , since it will take the fall if there are any technical problems .
graham said the party needs to pick a candidate who is `` normal `` in order to beat hillary clinton , if she becomes the democrats `` nominee .
meanwhile , the price of coal has declined sharply over the past two years and yet the government has not reduced the price of electricity .
`` roger ' s in kind of the same position as david , both of them have been around the game for a long , long time and been up at the top , '' murray said .
`` i don ' t think you need to do that kind of thing when someone gets out , '' smith said .
the team is on the right path and i have praised them highly but i don ' t want to see this lack of fight again .
another lawyer said : `` we were all preparing ourselves for the worst - but i always thought deep down that they would get off .
`` sometimes it comes into my mind that i have to commit suicide because other children are coming but not him , '' he said , before breaking down in tears .
up until that point we were dealing with them well and that just seemed to change the game a little bit .
i think that african - americans have a real fair point that the industry isn ' t representing them well enough .
he was losing his touch - he ' d been sure that the cup would break to the left , but it hadn ' t .
netflix ' s new original series , the crown , details the story of queen elizabeth ii and the prime ministers in office during her decades - long story .
`` but if we leave some behind , this can drop to as low as 40 per cent , '' he added .
this will give social workers and their partners more time to work alongside families who need more support given their circumstances .
a paris police official has told ap that police are investigating the incident at the paris police station as `` more likely terrorism `` than a standard criminal act .
the average monthly cost of a new cancer therapy agent is now $ 10 , 000 and can be as high as $ 60 , 000 .
`` like when you are going to a play , you can look on the stage and you can choose what you want to look at and this kind of gives you that opportunity , '' russell told reuters .
i don ' t see her as being my child - she has a wonderful mother - but i feel like i ' m an important part of her life .
in several interviews sunday , trump said the united states has power over china that it needs to use to its advantage .
`` i am in discussions with a few people at the moment , to see how we can take all of this further , '' he said .
that ' s because there was a feeling from everybody , and not just our own support , for us to keep winning .
the gross domestic product increased just 0 . 6 percent in the third quarter of 2015 , after six months of negative growth .
the only reason you are doing it now is because we are running for the same position , and someone has convinced you that attacking me is going to help you .
so i fully recognise , there is a significant piece of the us electorate that is anti - establishment , anti - big money and politics , but that ' s not going to win an election .
european markets followed asia ' s lead this morning , after the bank of japan surprised markets by announcing negative interest rates in an attempt to boost the economy .
asked if britain was `` prepared to send soldiers `` to help train iraqi forces fighting isis said it was `` certainly `` under consideration .
the aim would be six months of talks , first seeking a ceasefire , later working towards a political settlement to a war that has killed more than 250 , 000 people , driven more than 10 million from their homes and drawn in global powers .
`` we ' d been on the beach for 40 minutes when the first boat ( of refugees ) came towards us , '' he told news . com . au .
it is not known whether these would be permanent moves or loan deals as further details have yet to emerge .
those responsible simply do not care about our club , our reputation or the safety of our fans and we do not want them at our matches .
but investors appear to have lost faith , sending the company ' s stock down more than 30 percent last year .
on the whole , warren felt that democrats in the senate had reached critical mass - somewhere between 20 percent and 30 percent of a body when women begin to really impact change .
although some mainstream republicans are making themselves more comfortable with the prospect of trump as nominee , others are determined to do everything they can to highlight all the ways in which trump ' s positions , current or past , run counter to conservative principles .
while i was there , my parents felt that at 13 , 14 years old they didn ' t really want to be on the other side of the world , '' she said .
in a statement on wednesday , the agency said it would seek a review of the attorney general ' s decision to close the investigations , but declined to make any further public comment on his findings .
chinese authorities have also detained a swedish national who worked on legal aid and rule of law , a person with direct knowledge of the matter said .
i have to say that there is no room to push prices down any further , given the level where they are .
it was something you ' d think you ' d receive if you were in north korea or iran or russia or somewhere , but not the us .
what ' s important is that the health risks are clear so we can make an informed choice about the level of risk we are prepared to accept .
about six to 10 artists , students of his in china and germany , will be working at the studio .
while there are depression treatments that don ' t involve medication , for some patients they are not effective , available or preferred .
from 2010 he tried a new sunday morning radio show , with an audience and big acts , live from the bbc radio theatre .
he spent heavily in the 2014 congressional elections to back candidates who could help further his anti - fossil fuel agenda .
if you get lucky , take the time to find some professional tax help for guidance on how to reduce the tax blow .
in order for people to support themselves for the extra decades of life , families will have to have multiple earning members , who could take turns working several full - time careers in a single lifetime .
i think this is the best base start to do that , so it ' s a good one so far .
and now he ' s not going to be treated fairly , well how do you think the general election will work out , or dealing with putin or dealing with the challenges of being president .
my only advice , having spent many years in this environment is : believe nothing that you hear and only half of what you see .
`` when the storm hits it is crucial for people to stay off the streets to the maximum extent possible , '' he said .
mr . xi , who became the country ' s president in march 2013 , was the top official there from 2002 to 2007 .
however , appeals need to be looked at case by case and if someone gets a ticket they need to accept that they will likely be required to pay .
although these bills haven ' t gotten anywhere , they don ' t necessarily put in place more regulations , so they ' re not entirely out of question in this current congress .
she said she did not know either of the men charged and came simply because she had heard about the case .
among the roughly two - thirds of new hampshire republicans who favor a presidential candidate not named donald trump , there is a strange sense of calm .
later this year , we will answer the question of whether we should continue to focus on one measure of underlying inflation and , if so , whether core inflation will keep that role .
it ' s a crash landing to the end of the season like there usually is in the national football league .
it ' s not about me making my debut , it ' s about being a role model - an inspiration for other kids ... black african kids .
i ' m calling for the average january temperature to be 37 to 39 degrees , which is 1 . 5 - 3 degrees above the january 30 - year normal of 36 . 0 degrees .
the money will enable us to continue to provide the best care available for our animals - especially during these difficult winter months .
the company ' s net earnings rose about 28 per cent to $ 3 . 22 - billion , or $ 1 . 15 per share , in the fourth quarter .
washington the u . s .- led coalition conducted 11 air strikes against islamic state forces in syria and 15 in iraq on saturday , the task force leading the operation said .
`` and it ' s quite good if someone comes out and says `` sorry , we made a mistake here `` and holds their hand up .
if we want this to happen , then we must vote people in to office who will do something about it .
she did not feel a thing ; at least she can not remember if it hurt and she hopes that is what her children and husband were told .
at the right times , i ' m cool with playing the one ( point ) as long as we run the offense and the ball finds me back somewhere .
in india , women ' s participation in the labor force stands at around 27 percent , lower than any other country in the g - 20 , except for saudi arabia .
a recent study found that about one in 30 people looking to buy guns on one website had criminal records - one out of 30 had a criminal record .
before the event : social media has opened new channels of cost - effective communications that you should be using to your advantage .
and if it works , a full - scale carbon capture plant could be built by 2020 , officials said .
at lower - ranked schools , boys are suspended far more than girls , and are less likely to be in class .
a spokeswoman for him said previously : `` mr blair did not have any involvement with the terms of compensation , nor any discussion with president bush on the matter .
the user report released this week said that seven million of the 14 million new us sign - ups in 2015 were added in the last quarter of the year .
this is another road blocked to clinton , both because of her history as first lady and more significantly because of her front and centre role in the obama administration .
the endorsement comes at a crucial time in the race , with former secretary of state hillary clinton holding only a small lead over vermont senator bernie sanders in iowa .
he knew we were really trying to prevent him from getting off anything easy and he just found his teammates and made great plays for his teammates and every time we lost him , he hit a shot .
france has been on high alert since islamic state militants killed 130 people in shootings and suicide bombings in paris on nov .
what bernie sanders is talking about , which is trying to get back to a more perfect democracy , is something that we support too .
`` the referendum could take place as early as june of this year - we need this information and we need it now , '' she said .
`` it ' s just part of the battle of having the oregon coast highway located where it ' s at , '' he said .
that said , there was enough promise in the return to growth of the core business and a major investment phase ends within three months , which should free up cash .
we are confident for the fourth quarter of the financial year and expect full - year performance to be in line with the board ' s expectations .
a police source quoted by fairfax media said the brothers tried to escape arrest through the roof of their office .
last night the met office issued a weather warning for rain and snow across large parts of west central scotland .
the company uses the best technology in all of its projects to ensure its solar farm facilities will last with minimum maintenance for as long as possible .
i came to know her through the meetings at the state department , but in terms of private life , that wasn ' t my business .
he ' s here for a week and once that ' s over we ' ll sit down and decide if we think he ' s good enough and if we can do a deal .
we controlled the game for long parts and should have taken something from it , but i feel like i ' m on repeat right now .
but a `` bed tax `` on tourists was ruled out last year after talks were held with the scottish government .
it has a potential to increase the amount of data sanders has access to , and if it is widely and effectively used , could help the campaign turn out voters in super tuesday and later states .
and as technology about how we move ourselves from point a to point b keeps changing , some transportation experts argue that state lawmakers should be looking ahead to the next big thing : driver - less cars .
`` the iraqi oil minister suggested his country would be willing to reduce output if other nations did so at the same time , '' they said .
but , as is often the case , the community has come together and is not only supporting one another but also the excellent work being carried out by the police .
we feel we can go on a good run now and hopefully take teams apart like we did against hamilton .
so much so that any middle - ranking officer thinking of going for a full search would have had to convince his / her boss that it was definitely needed .
`` it is a small step forward in the fight against childhood obesity and it does not require a p . e . teacher , '' miller said .
but it ' s good with eddie that he tells you , as soon as you get a chance to speak to him , where you stand .
the problem is that taxes which get raised in the rest of the uk ( but not in scotland ) should only pay for higher spending in the rest of the uk .
and that will be a good thing for our party , we have to break into the culture of america and we ' re doing it .
when i struggled to respond , they shot me but hit my hand , '' said the victim , who asked not to be named .
`` it ' s a good thing , '' she said , noting that only one eu citizen in 25 lived in another member state .
in 2012 , labour paid someone wearing a chicken suit to chase boris johnson , the mayor of london , down the street .
but while waiting for my visa , i got a job in the music industry , which was so exciting , it changed my life and stopped me moving .
and , again , everything we do is based on two things : what ' s best for this team and what gives us the best chance to win .
he made his first six shots , finished 8 - for - 13 and recorded his seventh double - double while playing 30 minutes .
the labour - run welsh government has also been criticised because of the repeated failure of the ambulance service to meet an eight - minute emergency response time target .
more than 14 , 000 people have shared the post since new year ' s eve , while 40 , 000 facebook users have liked the post .
2015 was probably still a record , but it ' s a lot closer to 2013 than it might at first have seemed .
with a 10 - 10 score and 6 : 58 left in the game , he threw a 2 - yard , game - winning touchdown pass to tight end jordan cameron .
cameron has set a deadline of the end of 2017 for an in - out referendum on britain ' s membership of the eu , but recently gave his strongest suggestion yet that he hopes to hold it in 2016 .
in theory , two individuals who each took out a one - year bond just a day apart will receive significantly different amounts of interest .
ms williams told the guests how she defended herself during the attack , but her 16 - year - old son later committed suicide because he could not cope with what his father had done to his mother .
the order requires the man to tell the police the woman ' s name , address and date of birth before a sexual encounter .
police scotland said a 26 - year - old man has been arrested in connection with the death and is being held in custody .
on top of that , the location had to be somewhere in nsw otherwise that state said it wouldn ' t join the federation .
he said : `` well that would be difficult for me but i think the key thing that i would do is stick in , in the run - up to that decision , and make the case .
but she will play the experience and gender cards , and a better economy will boost her argument for keeping a democrat in the white house .
this is not about black , not about white , this is about us , how we want to improve our environment and our society , and who we are .
in the past , the account has taken aim at bloomberg ' s policies and the personal wealth of the billionaire media company founder .
and when we wrote things , we couldn ' t even say `` he `` or `` she , '' because we had transgender .
that cruz ' s supporters are so politically active is clearly a problem for trump , many of whose supporters do not have a track record of voting .
you didn ' t see the border before , but now it ' s clear to see that there are two countries .
it ' s not that he was actually a good president ; it ' s that today ' s republican options are so bad that bush sounds pretty decent , by comparison .
he added that the group remained confident that trading would improve in the medium to long term , after nigeria ' s economy begins to pick up .
`` what we need is a plan , and a commitment , '' clinton said at the top of her voice .
`` we will agree to anything that would make them feel comfortable to make the transition stable , '' said the 88 - year - old , who served as army chief in 1970s .
one of his most interesting moves was waiting to do battle the front - runner , donald trump , until he was doing well in the polls .
despite outrage over high - profile shootings caught on video , chicago police shootings last year dropped to 28 from an average of 49 a year over the previous seven years .
the company says its services will focus on the coast guard ' s project management , financial management , business operations and other areas .
`` we pulled two coaches out of the clubs and it is like nuclear bombs have gone off , '' jones said .
and yet , there ' s no early state where rubio appears to be in position to win or even place .
some of them were great , but , more to the point , among all of them there was a real love of the music .
the syrian military is in a much better position than it was prior to russia ' s intervention on sept .
a referendum that would have replaced her with an australian head of state was defeated in 1999 , with the then prime minister john howard campaigning against change .
it has been trying to get more involved , especially in syria , however , and recently hosted syria ' s foreign minister and opposition officials .
i think it starts with looking at what kind of environment these kids are coming from - what are they seeing on tv and what is going on at home .
at the time , a woman could not obtain a license to practice law , and i ' d supposed that this would be a subject of fierce discussion .
but if you ' re close to retirement and have a pre - 2001 pension plan you should check with your pension firm how soon you can leave without penalty .
you have to look at which services are going to impact what we do , and if they can do it faster , better or cheaper , maybe we should partner with them .
`` i ' m so grateful to be a part of this show that ' s changed my life and has unprecedented diversity of women on television , '' the star told e !
many analysts have been surprised that such a long period has passed without another test , because it is by testing that north korea can advance its program .
the nfl has played at least one regular - season game in london since 2007 and currently has an agreement to keep playing there through 2020 , while the nba played its sixth regular - season game in london earlier this month .
the first talks in two years to end the syrian civil war were meant to begin on monday but have been held up in part by a dispute over who should represent the opposition to president bashar al - assad .
the pro - europe prime minister claims he ' s making real progress in tough negotiations with his fellow leaders even though he really isn ' t .
on - the - spot fines will begin at £ 300 , but repeat offenders face penalties of up to £ 10 , 000 .
in addition to job growth , the city also saw a rise in the number of job applications being made to available roles .
he did it again last week when he spoke publicly about whether cruz , who was born in canada to an american mother , is a natural - born citizen and therefore eligible to be president .
but this time around , there ' s an incredibly strange mix of bad global news that might actually add up to an unexpected bright side : continued low oil prices .
there , they were told not to talk to people unless they called you , or you needed to move them off a street corner .
this week ' s talks will mark the third attempt at peace negotiations amid the ongoing civil war in syria , which has left more than a quarter million people dead and some 11 million others displaced .
as it is , they are slowly making up ground and have games in hand on almost every team in the conference .
we don ' t want to take anything away from the traditional families ... but our families also exist , our children exist and our children need to have both of their parents recognized .
prime minister david cameron ' s spokesman described it as `` a step forward `` but acknowledged there was more to do to ensure companies paid their fair share .
when markets opened monday , mcdonald ' s shares were up 3 percent on the news , but finished the day up less than 1 percent .
but , when population growth is taken into account , the overall increase amounts to less than one per cent .
i think it ' s a big thing that our party needs to be part of , and i ' ve been a leader in congress on trying to bring about criminal justice reform .
their model has produced `` good evidence `` for the existence of a giant gas planet 10 times the mass of earth .
most of the veterans groups appear to have been surprised by the news of donations from trump ' s foundation , though it is not clear how much money each group received .
she has been in the house since january 5 and opted to stay in after learning of her former husband ' s death .
we got five good results at the start of the season but , to be honest with you , we weren ' t really playing that well .
i ' m so proud of the strength that he has to fight this battle that ' s his battle , and i ' m so grateful for everybody ' s love and concern because i do think it ' s coming from a good place .
today , it can be done for $ 1 , 000 ; by 2020 it may cost less than a cup of coffee .
the household goods category also increased by 0 . 9 per cent , a trend that has been in play for a while as a result of australia ' s robust property sector , he said .
she urged the international research community to act now to learn more about the virus , about how it is spread , and about how scientists might develop a treatment or vaccine against it .
it affects the product on the park , especially if we are having to spend money that we haven ' t the budget for .
i was due to leave tonight but next week was an off week anyway so we have changed the travel schedule .
both players were born in brazil but costa chose to commit his international football to spain , where he has played most of his professional career .
after taking time out over christmas , many of us start january ready for a fresh start , and for lots of us that means finding a new job .
then he cuts loose , saying , `` the people who describe all our work to us often don ' t know what they ' re talking about .
he says more data will be necessary to see whether the decline in ap use among rural , small schools is a trend .
this was the first time this measure has been used by chinese regulators , which led to trading ending an hour and a half early .
`` we have concerns surrounding the circumstances of what happened ... and we are concerned for the welfare of this particular individual , '' he said yesterday .
we know that for india to make progress , more than 1 billion people need to be connected to the internet .
our political culture is too much about stopping things being done to us by `` them `` rather than doing good for ourselves .
i think do a great job of giving back to the community and the impact they ' re able to have in those areas are so much more important than what happens on the court .
now we are doing something that nobody could have expected . the owner asked me 24 points at this moment , and we have 40 .
he said he was coming to our training ground a while ago , and he said he was coming to the united game , and now says he can ' t .
i want the food to be as fresh as possible ; it ' s all about whole foods and keeping it natural .
for as long as the snp actively try and bring independence closer , i will stand up for scotland ' s place in our united kingdom .
we don ' t want to look ahead of ourselves but we have a history of ending the season well .
i ' m really just hoping to go out there and bring to the court what i can , try my best and see how it goes .
long before the doors open at events - and for trump , they open exactly two hours before he is scheduled to appear - there are lines of people waiting .
the way they ' re going to grow in china is if more [ customers ] come into the premium phone market , which will happen but it ' s going to take time .
the launch is an important step towards the future , and we ' re really looking forward to seeing how people use it .
the province asked the university to pay about $ 13 - million more than it had initially expected , the documents also show .
it ' s such an old - school thing to be concerned about , but it ' s getting harder to ignore .
the united states says assad must leave power , while russia has sent its air force to syria to help shore up his government ' s control over western syria .
friday ' s jobs report was the first since the federal reserve raised interest rates last month for the first time in nearly a decade .
i think [ the president ] and the vice - president have tried to be fair and even - handed in the process and i expect they will continue to be that way .
iowa , you say a lot being here tonight , supporting the right man who will allow you to make america great again .
back in the mid - 1980s , companies all over the world , but most notably in the u . s . , began to invest heavily in new computer and software technologies .
even if i don ' t win , i really can take away that i ' ve been really consistent and i want to continue that .
when djokovic won the davis cup in 2010 , he said that he would never feel fear on a tennis court again .
during the school holidays , those aged 13 - 14 should not work for more than 25 hours a week , while 15 - 16 year olds should not do more than 35 hours .
however , you should still take care when out and about , particularly on isolated beaches and after dark , when it ' s not a good idea to visit beaches .
he was sentenced to death in 2014 in a trial that human rights groups and the united nations have said did not follow due process .
`` the car radio has not changed much at all , so what we ' re doing with tesla represents the future , '' he said .
they look at whether their assets are improving and it ' s up to us to make sure they get the information they need .
bashar ' s government , in turn , has received crucial military and economic backing from iran during fighting that has killed more than 250 , 000 people and produced an extraordinary refugee crisis .
`` after so much time wanting to be a mother , i ' m not going to give up now `` because of the deputy health minister ' s statement , she declared .
the chain has more than 200 stores in australia , new zealand , singapore , malaysia , south africa and opened 11 stores in the last financial half year .
the bank said it would build its global franchise around business lines where it has a `` competitive advantage , '' while closing some product lines .
we want to be successful , and if it means we have to work all hours of the day , then that is fine .
by late 2012 , the budget had dropped by about $ 1 billion from two years earlier to $ 8 . 7 billion .
from the market perspective , the project was proposed in 2008 , when crude oil prices were around $ 35 per barrel .
iran has called on china to join the fight against the islamic state militant group and play a more active role in the region .
( obama ' s plan to give legal status to those 4 million immigrants includes only those who have been in the country for at least five years and are parents of u . s . citizens .
army officials said saturday night that 10 soldiers had been arrested in connection with the raid and that more arrests were expected .
but , at age 56 , she agreed to travel back in time a little bit - leaving her job , home and friends in texas for a few weeks to pitch in for cruz .
but the most senior posts of shadow chancellor , home secretary , foreign secretary and leader are all still occupied by men .
it has since emerged one of those arrested is a 21 - year - old refugee who has been granted asylum in germany .
i ' d ask , tell me what happened , and they all said it was the video , including obama .
the performances weren ' t good either but we just wanted results , a couple of points to be safe , but we couldn ' t get them .
sunday , leaving an 8 - year - old with `` serious , potentially life - threatening `` injuries and a 3 - year - old with serious injuries as well .
but after investing more than $ 20 million , hughes said he believes it is time for new leadership and a new vision .
i contacted my bank in munich , where i used to have an account for over a decade to open a new account , '' she said .
it ' s the first time in my career at the australian open where i ' ve played three times in a row under the roof .
eastern time today ( january 22 , 2016 ) to discuss the company ' s results and answer appropriate questions .
i can still make my runs in behind a player ' s ­ shoulder and get myself into areas where i ' m going to score goals .
we started with a poor first five or ten minutes but , after that , we controlled the game , created chances and put on a good performance .
`` some people are worried to see changes in the country , '' she was quoted by the wall street journal as saying .
on friday the munich police chief said germany received a tip hours before midnight that militants from iraq and syria were planning attacks in munich but police had been unable to find the suspects and were not even sure if they were in the country .
these clubs are so global now and their impact over 150 - 200 markets mean they can command rights fees of this level .
this campaign aims to change that and help parents and young people understand the warning signs and prevent the abuse before it takes place .
now i can ' t lose any more because then i will be condemned for the fourth time that i ' ve been sacked and then maybe you have written the truth because sometimes it happens .
he looks really good , he didn ' t drop for one single minute , he was running , tracking back , doing everything .
my case against trump is a case to protect the conservative cause , because i live it , i love it , i believe in it .
in the tie - break bernie didn ' t play his best , he missed a few easy balls which helped when i was a bit nervous .
this is a senior role that involves monitoring a firm ' s day - to - day activities , across all departments .
so then i realised i needed to do more because i was just , like , in my bedroom all the time .
i am comfortable with my decision , knowing that i have given my best at all times and will continue to do so .
a . one factor is that employees have been asked to do more with fewer resources and without additional staff .
it ' ll lead to a more efficient and effective planning system , better able to secure the development of homes and other facilities that our communities need and want .
fox news insists that it had no intention of making trump look bad , but that isn ' t the point here .
mr james said the proposal had been designed to be `` clean and clear `` and to avoid competition concerns from regulatory authorities .
my game is in great shape and i know that , if i play my normal game , it will be good enough to secure my asian tour card .
massachusetts ' attorney general on monday said it would hold a public hearing regarding its proposed consumer protection regulations for daily fantasy sports contest operators in that state on tuesday .
`` i tried to be patient yesterday and i think i did quite a good job of it , '' he said .
so for everyone to go their separate ways and to see how it all ended up , it ' s a very sad thing .
all the same , as many of my friends and colleagues who have visited israel report , on the whole , everyday life there continues .
johnson & johnson posted fourth - quarter earnings on tuesday that beat forecasts , but gave a 2016 revenue outlook that was below analysts ' estimates .
in that press release , the company also announced that it will host a live broadcast of its conference call to discuss the acquisition on monday , january 11 , 2016 at 9 : 30 a . m .
the department said in a facebook post two fire crews responded tuesday to a report of a dog trapped in the river .
it turns out the others really do want the earth for their very own , and they have a multi - stage plan for getting it .
out of the 34 , 21 were asylum seekers - and the majority of those , police said , had arrived last year .
`` i think i grow in the last few years to be a top - 10 player , '' she said .
earlier this week , venezuela ' s highest court suspended the three coalition members and one pro - government member who were elected to the national assembly in the historic dec .
all the same , the vermont senator running for the democratic presidential nomination has been criticized for his position over the past few days .
it has been the most effective partner on the ground in syria for the u . s .- led coalition fighting is .
we need to stay in the european positions but can ' t just talk about doing it , we need to take responsibility on the pitch , stick together and climb the league .
obama will make a pitch for public support in an hour - long live town hall meeting , to be held on thursday evening .
and yet , just days away from the first primary votes being cast , she ' s in a fight for her political life .
`` we have moved away from being an old man ' s golf resort to appealing to younger remote - workers spending long periods here , '' he says .
and the difference between robert was he had every eye , every camera on him when he was going through that process .
those conditions are , of course , a race between what bloomberg ' s aides have described as the extremists .
but that legislation faces opposition in the european parliament because the current proposal would still allow emissions that are more than twice the level of official limits .
but looking ahead on the same analysis scotland ' s deficit / gdp hits 4 . 6 per cent in two years `` time - better than the uk position last year .
however , intense competition from low - cost rivals as well as weak demand in latin america and growing fears of a rapidly spreading zika virus in the region cast some concern about american ' s top line .
maybe the amount of games they played then is different to what we play now , but it will always be very difficult .
the ad says `` immigration is not just a word `` for sanders but his `` family ' s story , '' and it talks of his father coming to america from poland with little money or ability to speak english .
while we understand he will be missed by man , the family ask their privacy is respected at this time .
although his immediate priority is to make an impact during the second half of the season , the right - back also has one eye on the future .
there are 23 million small businesses in the country , and 54 % of u . s . sales happen at these small businesses .
some of these boys have got a chance to progress their careers , and i think they ' ve demonstrated that .
in houston next week , nfl owners could pick one of the two proposals from the teams -- or a completely different solution .
`` i ' m watching all of these ads : i ' m watching them for carson , i ' m watching them for rubio , i ' m watching them for cruz , '' trump said .
for those not in the know , these are subjects preferred ( often required ) for entry to an elite russell group university .
people in scotland have got a right , as people across the uk do , to see the bbc reflect life in scotland better than it has done sometimes in the past .
to keep health risks to a low level , men and women are advised not to regularly drink more than 14 units of alcohol a week .
if he didn ' t want to be late for the call , he ' d better get out of here .
turkey is among the top countries with the highest number of content - removal requests to twitter , data from u . s .- based company shows .
it appears that even if we pass tests in school , we don ' t retain material that doesn ' t interest us .
the likely surge in business between iran and other countries in the gulf will be just one part of the boom in business expected following the lifting of the nuclear - related sanctions on jan .
the survey comes ahead of an in / out referendum that could be called as early as this summer , and has been promised by david cameron before the end of 2017 .
you also want to send a clear message that the school system will use its judgment in each and every case .
it ' s difficult to know as a player whether you ' re going to go out there and hit the ball great or not , you just have to try to trust all of the preparation and practice that you ' ve done .
if the next quarter - century is going to look anything like the last , it ' s crucial that the lessons of the past are applied .
`` that ' s a hard but right response by the state to those who are seeking protection here , but think they can commit crimes `` without consequences for their right to remain in germany , he said .
emergency crews spent much of sunday afternoon searching for the man , who was last seen at about 1 . 30pm .
more than 22 , 000 iraqi civilians , including police officers , were killed across the country in 2015 , the u . n . office said .
`` i don ' t really want to be the subject of such conversations , i like just going about my business and doing my job , '' she said .
indeed , it keeps telling anyone who will listen that , with inflation at just 0 . 4 percent , it hopes to raise rates four times this year .
we don ' t like people not saying nice things , but we ' ve got to deal with it .
i do think it needs to be as independent as possible and if there are lessons to be learned it probably includes getting to a fully independent investigation - and faster - under these types of circumstances .
i think that in this country we do have both of those things and we have very close co - operation between both police and agencies , and i think they understand how to use information .
the property developer , who is from france but has lived in london four years , insisted he only hit her in self - defence .
business - to - business spending , for example on technology , matters more as companies invest to keep costs under control or to meet higher standards of regulation .
and i don ' t think the rest of the world is going to rest either because now the world knows what ' s going on .
their plans on spending will have a devastating effect on education , the nhs , the police and other public ­ services .
new york led 22 - 21 after the first quarter , 47 - 39 at the break and 71 - 59 after three quarters .
in 1995 he married rose , whom he had first gone out with when she was a teenager and whose son andrew also became part of the christie family .
after opening up today , there ' s little doubt the federal government will open again thursday , but there ' s a chance it may allow a delayed arrival of an hour or two .
you ' re the one that ' s saying we need to do this because otherwise it won ' t survive .
now would the left ever - would the [ democratic national committee ] ever go after their front - runner and her supporters ?
i respect that , but i also don ' t like the price which is why i went for the cheaper option , '' he said .
`` it ' s not the first time that mistake has been made so it ' s all good , but i ' m definitely playing for great britain , '' she said .
the agency said it is still monitoring the weather to determine if conditions will allow for the safe operation of trains and will have an announcement by 4 : 15 a . m .
erdogan said on thursday there would be no let - up in a military campaign that he said had killed more than 3 , 000 militants last year .
`` i would like to take him home and accept him as a member of the family , '' perry said .
amazon forecast sales for the first quarter of between $ 26 . 5 billion and $ 29 billion , or up between 17 percent and 28 percent compared to the same quarter last year .
in the ad , voters are seen watching the florida senator pitch himself on television , while they watch - essentially an ad within an ad .
we have to focus on being together as a unit , and when we have the ball we need to work it across the pitch , and that ' s what he did well today .
without the government ' s strong hand , we would become more like iran , where they stone girls to death .
she told the new york times in 2001 that she had just broken up with a boyfriend of two years .
`` i ' m at a point in my life with my son , with my new marriage , it ' s a new me , '' she shared .
a government spokesman said : `` we ' re fighting hard to fix the aspects of our eu membership that cause so much frustration in britain - so we get a better deal for our country and secure our future .
we didn ' t get anything going until the end and at that point it was too little way too late .
oklahoma ' s senior guard turned in another huge game saturday , scoring 31 points on 11 - of - 14 shooting to lead the no .
when you don ' t get any single point [ for free ] , then it ' s a bit difficult .
but even there we ' ve tried to spend very little time doing that because every second i spend responding to his statement of the day is a second i ' m not using to talk to voters about the future of america .
islamic state militants , who claimed responsibility for the november attacks , have called for further attacks on france , whose jets are bombing areas they control in syria and iraq .
she is really sorry for getting drunk , mean , and demanding eye contact last week and hopes to make it up to ben this week .
she tries to frame the chance people have to support her husband , whether with time , money or a vote , as an investment opportunity .
i have the experience of having played cricket for such a long time and that takes a lot of pressure away from me .
rugby is a huge part of my life and i would like to play the sport to the highest level possible .
the all - china women ' s federation , the communist party body that represents women ' s interests in china , could not be reached for comment .
but he argues that the more people know the details about the attack , the better the security industry can prepare for the next one .
he is on top form so speculation will come his way but he is used to it and he has seen it happen to other boys and he knows what to expect .
mr . brady said he is planning to use 2016 to build up toward a more comprehensive push in 2017 , under who he hopes will be a republican president .
in recent months , a mother and son were interested in moving in at the same time in separate living space near each other .
if he gets enough reform , cameron will urge british voters to back continued eu membership in a referendum that must be held by next year and could come as early as june .
the shanghai opened 3 percent lower at the start of trading tuesday , but closed off just 0 . 26 percent .
with unemployment at a decade - low in the uk , it is thought that employers will be forced to pay higher wages in order to attract and retain the staff they need .
and if they were i think we need to identify that as a problem to make sure we never ever do that again .
they formed an alliance with a maryland board member , michael goldman , who had felt that way for months .
we ' re going to allow the people of america to really see what ben carson really believes about certain things .
`` i don ' t think it makes much difference what number he has on his back because he will do the same job , he will always have a lot of involvement and will always be effective in making his decisions , '' easter says .
`` we ' re fed up with funding `` artists `` who support organizations of foreign agents , '' the group wrote .
the mp said : `` i joined up because i thought the campaign was going to be about a positive vision for britain outside the eu .
the only trouble is they are meant to make the laws that the rest of us have to live our lives by , so it is in our interests to keep them in their place .
but hard unemployment has been cut in half , gdp is decent , and other key measures have turned up .
in a state where clinton held a huge advantage until recent weeks , many clinton allies have concluded from the lack of movement in recent polls that attacking sanders didn ' t help .
since the video has been posted to facebook it has had over 19 , 000 shares and has more than 3 , 500 likes .
this kind of trial can last for years , so we have many chances for the truth to come out .
and if it doesn ' t raise rates at all , but says it will soon , well , you get the idea .
now that china has made the transition from a developing to a middle - income country , its growth will be driven by technology , consumer demand and the services sector .
at the end of 2015 , covered loans represent only 3 . 5 % of total loans , compared with 9 . 6 % at the end of 2014 .
wa is home to what is believed to be the oldest evidence of life on earth 4 . 1 billion years ago , 300 million years earlier than anyone thought .
some of the difficulties of dropping from air are clearly you have to do it from height to be safe , that then creates real challenges on being able to target effectively .
they will however remember that england were pretty good and won four out of five matches in last season ' s six nations .
the singer , whose 50 - year career established him as one of the most successful recording artists of the 20th century , was 69 .
in the end , the biggest long - term impact of these gun policy changes may simply be another month of record gun sales in january .
on monday , his campaign said it is also releasing a radio ad later this week in south carolina , another key state .
up to two or three years ago he used to sit over there for hours and work , but his visits became less frequent .
they showed that at the rugby world cup and i think they will still try to do that against england .
uber is used by more than 1 million people in london and has more than 20 , 000 drivers in the capital since launching in 2012 .
it projects that by 2020 , 7 . 1 million jobs are expected to be lost , and two million gained , with a net impact of five million jobs lost in the next half decade .
in her group ' s discussions with immigrants , `` we make it very clear that this is an executive action that could be changed , '' she said .
three rounds of formal consultation are due to take place over the following year before the proposals are submitted to parliament in 2018 .
what i will hold him to account for is what experiences he has to be the mayor of the greatest city in the world .
`` when you have pain you always get scared because you don ' t know what is going to happen , '' she said after her win .
a state of emergency was declared in tennessee , north carolina , virginia , maryland , pennsylvania , the district of columbia , new jersey and parts of other states .
it is time for us to open our eyes and not to think about the world as we wish it was but to deal with the world as we see it is .
`` we can ' t afford it , '' said rob jones , director of the government relations and research for the virginia education association .
the fact is that once in a while , national ministers or the european parliament will make a real difference , but only once in a while .
but even when the democrats had the presidency and controlled congress , they failed to get this through in 1993 and 2010 .
`` i want people to stop and think that there are so many risks to any of these challenges , '' she said .
100 per cent i ' d prefer to stay , i ' ve told the club that , so hopefully we ' ll sort something soon .
if the beer is that amount or less , she ' ll buy it , and if not , she ' ll bring you your money back .
i ' m stood at the entrance to the school hall , waiting for my daughter to finish her singing before taking her home .
it is not exactly clear why sturgeon declared her hand so early in favour of cameron when it was already becoming clear in the course of last year that the pm was going to find his negotiations ignored by eu leaders .
the new app will allow customers to order from other restaurants and the meals will be delivered by uber drivers .
pro - gun supporters are more politically active than gun control supporters , and perhaps as a result , polls show americans think more guns are the answer , not the problem , to mass shootings .
so first of all we need to know if it ' s a `` yes `` to everyone or just to certain parties , in which case which parties and which parts ?
president obama is expected to announce executive actions in january to expand background checks , but the majority of the action on gun laws in 2016 will be at the state level - both to limit gun access and to expand access .
`` it feels like a long time and i didn ' t think it would happen at one point , '' the 32 - year - old says .
for instance , thomas ' s character is pregnant and married and wants a promotion , but there are also women executives who don ' t have kids in the film , too .
the uk property market has been a highly attractive place for wealthy individuals across the world to protect their savings .
so for a player to leave : a it has to be the right move for him , and b it has to be on our terms and no one else ' s .
he doesn ' t like death but he wants to send a message , even if the price of the message is his life .
in the last month , two pregnant women in illinois and three people in florida have been confirmed to have the virus .
the general assembly is considering dozens of gun - related bills over the 60 - day session that began last week .
but , i knew when you come to club who have played 11 and lost nine , you don ' t expect to find everything going well .
if you look at every poll , i ' m the leader on the economy , but it ' s immigration and isis , too .
it was therefore of interest to note that school students were making years of progress in just a few weeks by engaging in the study of latin and greek .
in a perfect world , you would always have something to fall back on because you just never know what ' s going to come down the pipeline .
but for some young broncos , this is their first -- and there ' s no guarantee they will ever get back .
maybe that wasn ' t so much the case in 2010 or 2012 , but campaign finance reform could be a winning issue for senate democrats in 2016 .
all sectors were in negative territory with auto stocks , for whom china is a key overseas market , leading the way with a fall of 4 . 5 per cent .
japan , canada , india , mexico and thailand were the other leading non - european nations that received the highest number of new flights .
it ' s a presidential election year , which means negative ads will be coming to a television near you .
it should have put him on notice , at that point having seen the photos of her that she was young , 13 - years - old .
almost all offenders now receive targeted support on release , getting the help they need to turn away from crime and keeping communities safer .
i thought every game we were well prepared , we had a good plan and we just didn ' t make plays in critical moments of the game to win and it ' s the case tonight .
he also noted that he ' d have `` more to say `` on the matter in the future , but asked for privacy until then .
some players were provided with accommodation for the entire stay at the club and was part of several players deals but was not always declared .
but he said a june date for the referendum promised by mr cameron will become `` much more difficult `` if no agreement is reached then .
german chancellor angela merkel is under pressure from within her own coalition to do the same after 1 . 1 million people applied for asylum there last year .
and some auto industry executives are open about their need to partner with firms that are on the front lines of innovation .
after treatment , 12 . 5 % of the women diagnosed during or after pregnancy had the cancer return , compared with just 1 . 4 % of the other women in the study .
those who say they want to continue to other countries , such as denmark or sweden , are denied entry and brought back to austria .
the virus , called zika , made its way to brazil recently but is spreading rapidly around latin america and the caribbean .
12 ( upi ) -- a planned `` sick - out , '' in which hundreds of teachers called in sick , closed 60 detroit schools monday .
i ' m going to get over this by using the cross - handed method and still have fun out there .
but after one bad result they were straight on top of me and the one who was in charge of the football had put me in so he was backing me and so he had the last say .
the vast majority of people holding cash are earning less than the inflation rate , which was 1 . 6 per cent in december .
the republican presidential hopeful donald j . trump has called for blocking all muslims from entering the united states , saying we are at war with radical islam .
they may have to settle for second yet again , but it could be much worse than that if they lose to scotland on the first weekend .
i ' d not given him my contact details - he must have used the bank ' s information to track me down .
in an interview with the project , the prime minister said it was his choice and he was entitled to speak to such audiences .
officials have launched a new free app , which reveals how much sugar is in everyday food and drink in a bid to encourage parents to take control of their families `` sugar consumption .
but almost all the city remains off - limits to its residents , most of whom fled before the army advance , said security services .
the fact that a children ' s book has been recognised is wonderful , and reflects the really wonderful work being done out there .
how do you otherwise explain the big cable tv ratings for political shows and the passion with which all kinds of americans argue about health care , taxes and immigration ?
a recent cuban policy change that blocks some cuban doctors from leaving the country without special permission has complicated the review , but did not end it , u . s . officials said .
while i was in new york , i remember i loved watching old films from the 40 ' s and 50 ' s .
whether there is a smoking gun somewhere in those blood bags remains unclear , and even if there is , it is far from certain anything could be done about it .
one of the main issues is trying to work out a middle ground where there is more transparency about the work the unit is doing , while still allowing it to operate as effectively as it does .
the dutch government says the flow of migrants into the country nearly doubled in 2015 to a record 59 , 100 amid the surge of people fleeing to europe from the middle east , africa and asia .
`` after analysis , the national financial prosecutor decided today to launch a preliminary investigation , '' the prosecutor ' s office said in a statement .
authorities in russia and china announced that high - profile gathering places - including moscow ' s red square - would be closed for the evening .
`` when momentum is on your side , you don ' t want to lose it , no doubt , '' palmer said .
the european business awards ' primary purpose is to support the development of a stronger and more successful business community throughout europe .
while campaigning this week in new hampshire , he announced that he ' d come back to new jersey for the storm .
the video , which was posted online , shows two men holding the child by his arms and legs as a woman hits him on the head .
the attack , at the height of the evening rush hour in the capital , left six employees of the production company dead , the police said , as well as a seventh person who could not immediately be identified .
if people think the courts are fair , their confidence will rise but if they feel it has nothing to do with them , then it ' s not a success .
obama will take part in a one - hour town hall - style question - and - answer session on gun control broadcast on cnn at 8 p . m .
it was later discovered that the water was carrying significant amounts of lead , which can prove especially damaging to children .
a couple of days later , three cabinet members , including the minister of women ' s affairs , resigned in protest .
the voters from iowa have demonstrated an ability in the past to sort through the noise and lift up the new leader .
that is an increase of nearly one million shoppers on last year , and their combined share is up from 8 . 3 per cent last year to 9 . 7 per cent .
we don ' t have a strong europe or a strong united states - you are going to be living in a world that is looking a lot more like the model that the chinese and russians are putting out there .
iran does not accept that the un resolution bars it from testing missiles , as long as it has no nuclear weapons to place on them .
the board of directors will conduct a process to choose mr . duncan ' s successor and will consider internal and external candidates for the position .
i am sure every head teacher in the country can name parents who don ' t agree with them when it comes to education .
so , that ' s why we ' ve arrived at a situation where 88 % of our members voted in favour of strike action for the first time in over 30 years .
`` a lot of things have to happen but we have a team that can compete and if all things go our way , then we hope to be there in the very end , '' he added .
i don ' t think consumers are spending up in a big way but certainly a number of retailers have noted that the environment is encouraging at the moment .
she can reach people equally by telling their stories and talking about how she ' s going to fix them .
an official from one tour company who declined to be identified told reuters that a tourist group from germany was in the area at the time of the blast .
we start pre - season on feb 1 so this is the last week of off - time before we really get into it .
after a brief rally , when his appointment was confirmed in october , twitter ' s sharp fall has continued .
for those who enjoy early season breaks and who are free to travel outside school holidays , this is very good news .
in 2013 / 14 , there were an estimated 3 . 2 million people aged 16 years or older with diabetes in england .
`` we were on our way to brussels , but we are turning around and going home , '' he said .
the popularity of the goldman funds shows that the candidates are prepared to trust goldman to manage their money even as some of them have criticized the investment bank for having too much influence in washington .
this is a fast - moving field so it is vital healthcare professionals keep up - to - date with the latest information .
by chance , however , there is one unexpected bonus in the world economy right now - the low oil price .
he was linked with liverpool last summer , so there ' s a good chance they could be the club involved .
that sort of perspective could just free murray ' s mind enough to get him through this morning ' s battle .
flint does not look much like the rest of the state of michigan , or even the average american city its size .
the whole issue , however , has become slightly academic , as we have not yet completed the new parliamentary building .
we don ' t fear it , french authorities are well prepared , we will be well prepared as well , but the weather can hurt .
in the u . s . , manufacturers sold some 17 . 4 million light - duty vehicles , a 6 % increase from the previous year .
the united states insists that assad must eventually leave power and elections be called within 18 months of a cease - fire and peace talks starting .
it is a difficult process to manage , especially as companies and individuals send money out of the country at a rapid rate .
but the hope is that the walk will raise much needed funds for people who really deserve it , which will keep me going .
these so - called `` turning points `` in a 38 - game campaign often turn out to be nothing of the sort .
when the president sits down with the chinese president , there ' s a list of things they want to talk about .
i would like to see the sugar tax , which like some of my colleagues i was against to start with , but if we can use the sugar tax to then fund cooking classes in schools then i am all for it .
i think the signing has got everybody ' s attention , not just the players in the dressing room or the fans .
a senior u . s . justice department official said the judge was not expected to rule that every car should be charged for all four counts , but said the department had set the bar high , knowing it would come down .
the findings may even be seen as an endorsement for contact sport if it is shown there is no extra risk .
this is why we have elections , so people can get to know candidates and decide who they want to vote for .
but , still , engaging directly with the iranian government on a sustained basis , for the first time in decades , has created a unique opportunity - a window - to try to resolve important issues .
even so , it ' s worth noting that this makes paris about as dangerous as new york city , where the murder rate has been as high as seven per hundred thousand in recent years .
federal agents were tracking the suspect when he was shot in a residential neighborhood of las vegas at about 2 p . m . on thursday , the las vegas metropolitan police department said in a statement .
`` when you have had a record year three years out of the last four , you wonder where the market will obviously go , '' he said .
unfortunately , it doesn ' t look like he ' s going to be coming to manchester united any time soon .
the lawsuit charges that the federal government has failed to provide alabama with sufficient information about the refugees who have settled or will be settled in the state .
after all , it ' s where mr . cruz launched his presidential campaign almost a year ago in front of 11 , 000 students .
it was also claiming credit for jobs that economists might agree makes sense , but perhaps people reading the news would be unlikely to think of as positions related to apple ' s apps .
i ' ve been very nice to you although i could probably , maybe not be based on the way you have treated me , but i wouldn ' t do that .
this bill will mean that every doctor - not just those in specialist research hospitals - will have access to that information .
but now players come from all over the world , and the chances of any fan having grown up in the same street as their club ' s stars are remote .
if an insurance company can ' t do that effectively , they ' ll very quickly find themselves not in business .
if someone believes they have a genuine reason however for not paying the fine , there is a process that they can go through .
i am confident that the momentum we have in balance sheet growth and resulting revenue is what we need to meet our goals for this year .
the company announced thursday that it was on track to generate $ 9 . 4 billion in annual cloud - based revenue , up from $ 5 . 5 billion a year ago .
their last road victory against a top 5 team was march 5 , 1989 , a 70 - 67 win over no .
earlier this month , mr . trump also said he thought pro - choice senator scott brown would make a `` very good `` vice president .
nine of the 10 major s & p sectors were higher , led by the energy sector ' s 1 . 7 percent increase .
i had my left index in her mouth and she bit me , i think in a sexual way which i didn ' t like .
they - and , through them , their supporters - are always in the right , no matter how mixed up reality may be .
in any case , the first minister has given her word that this election campaign will not be about independence and i take her on that word .
it seems a remarkable and unlikely image now - but 60 years ago , this was the scene that played out in hotels around las vegas .
i ' ve never said one way or the other what i ' m going to do after this year , but this could be it and if it is , i ' m going to enjoy every minute of it .
the deals came in the first weeks after the iranian nuclear deal went into effect , lifting years of economic sanctions on the middle eastern nation .
`` i get a sense when i look at what is happening in our country that we have the potential to start another movement here that doesn ' t represent the best of us , '' kasich said , refusing to specifically name the gop front - runner .
`` on the face of it , and without knowing what he is going there to say , it is disappointing , '' she said .
he said he recalled thinking , `` i ' m $ 35 million to $ 40 million under budget , and to be honest , i don ' t think i need [ ads ] because i have such a big lead .
clinton ' s campaign , which spent about $ 75 million during 2015 to build a large data - driven organization , ended the year with $ 38 million in cash on hand .
they sent me one bit of data -- that they have 25 paid staff in the state , and are increasing that to 40 .
saturday ' s violence is the latest in four months of near - daily palestinian attacks on civilians and soldiers .
at this point , rubio would welcome such concerns , because it would mean he is alive in the race six weeks from now .
we ' ve had lots of useful meetings with government ministers and look forward to working with them much more closely now .
kansas grabbed its biggest lead of the half at six points with 4 : 12 remaining before kentucky went on its closing tear , making its last seven shots from the field .
more than 100 , 000 people have been killed or gone missing in a nearly a decade of drug violence nationwide .
and , stewart said , if parents had to go back to work and leave children home alone , additional safety risks could have resulted .
p & g ' s second - quarter sales fell 8 . 5 percent to $ 16 . 92 billion , slightly below analysts average estimate .
`` the president said that the u . s . administration would take part in a substantial way , '' her office said .
by some estimates , just 12 percent of crimes are even reported in mexico , largely because of a lack of faith that justice will ever be served .
and its resolution showed how trump , even in the heat of battle , is often willing to strike a deal .
they first saw her on the regular back in 1992 as a young mum helping her husband campaign for the nation ' s top job .
it will be hard for u . s . and other markets to rally back as long as china continues to go down .
nearly 13 , 000 families participate in the army ' s program , growing from 200 families during the past 12 years .
it raises questions about what companies should do when their financial interests conflict with their customers `` well - being .
instead , they all agreed , they would prefer to stay at home - alone - rather than go to a pub and not drink .
the watchdog can take action to `` change the behaviour `` of organisations and individuals that collect , use and keep personal information .
democrats want the president to stress the gun control executive orders he recently announced , while some republicans would just like for obama ' s last speech to a joint session of congress to end as quickly as possible .
i ' m closing in on 100 goals for the club and i ' d like to break that barrier as quickly as i can .
the tragic but ordinary deaths of people in situations in which people are likely to die don ' t usually change policy .
the 39 - year - old denver broncos quarterback can pack for super bowl 50 fully aware that , thanks to the nfl ' s no .
i know some coaches are very big on suggesting stuff like that , especially to new girls in the industry .
as the table below shows , other smaller company specialist funds have managed to keep their heads above water and make money .
i was extremely disappointed in myself and i could barely figure out how to call my husband and tell him that i had to stay for another four weeks , because there was a one - week break before the next class started up .
i always wanted her to be with someone who was her match and i don ' t think she ever really found that .
the effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2015 was 67 . 9 % , compared with 40 . 3 % for the third quarter of 2015 .
and the australian share market looks set to open lower after wall street suffered two per cent falls on the back of some weak chinese economic data .
it ' s tough getting out on the course and be free when there is something technical to think about .
as our 15 minutes with trump drew to a close , we turned back to our original question : is there any chance he would change his mind ?
st . louis also would be an option , although davis previously said he is not interested in that market .
and president obama is entering his final year in office and many previous us leaders have tried to make progress on the korea question as their terms come to an end .
that would force them to sell stocks while they are falling , he says , which would essentially lead them to lock in their losses .
the people ' s bank of china in december forecast that the country ' s annual economic growth will slow to 6 . 8 percent in 2016 .
trump said many top reporters - including `` three of the biggest `` - were picking his event over the debate .
if you must take a risk today then try to make it one where , if you lose , it won ' t cost you an arm and a leg .
he ' s always promised to step up but this is a good test today , he ' s come up against some nice horses and he ' s beaten them fair and square .
`` if you look at what i ' ve been doing in the last six months since i ' ve been in the role as chief executive you ' ll see that we have continued to take action against the industry , '' she told the bbc .
to throw the ball fast enough and far enough so that his teammates can catch it , and then run with it , and score touchdowns .
austria has announced that it will limit the number of people allowed to apply for asylum to 1 . 5 per cent of its population over the next four years , or 37 , 500 .
about the best we can do is hear what the campaigns say and see if it matches with the claims of the voters .
i haven ' t had a chance to go back and watch it but i thought he went in there in traffic .
since the start of the conflict in march , 2011 , the canadian government has committed nearly a billion dollars in humanitarian aid , development and security assistance .
the number this represents , more than 90 million people , is greater than the number of americans who identify , respectively , as republicans or democrats .
special teams are big this time of year ; get momentum or lose it and we fed off of it with the power - play goals .
for example , if someone says ' i see you ' re on time as usual ' , this could literally mean what it says .
the review will determine that , and the scottish government hopes that everyone with an interest will take this opportunity to contribute .
so i ' ve made three of the below up , with one actually being out there on the actual real internet .
`` i think , exactly what i just described is how we played them last year , '' brady said monday .
i ' m just in so much shock i can ' t speak , i don ' t know what to do , it ' s terrible , it ' s so sad .
it ' s hard to express what that ' s like , and that feeling as a team and all of us in there , that joy .
the current study adds a fresh analysis of the economic benefits of sending patients to facilities that perform the procedure often , even if they might be far from home or have higher fees than community hospitals .
it was about $ 2 away from thursday ' s $ 32 . 16 , a level last seen in 2004 .
more than 8 in 10 ( 86 percent ) would limit it to at most , the first three months of pregnancy .
the idea to do the award was always there because of the family connection , and i really loved doing it .
djokovic added on wednesday that he had said all he wanted to about the corruption allegations and refused to discuss it any further , except to say that he was disappointed the sport was faced with questions about integrity .
what i have also found is that , when i commit to a minimum of 25 pages , i almost always read more .
people were saying the asian tour was not right but i think , in a positive way , we are trying to improve it as much as we can to make it better .
so that decision for us is when the d . c . united plays its last game there they will move into a new stadium , '' she said .
people whose are not gay do not realise the effect both at this sort of behaviour has on people like me .
the european union called into question `` freedom of expression and the respect of basic civil and political rights `` in saudi arabia .
one was to look at the history of the city because i felt that people were always talking about its future and what it has become and will be .
`` if the polls had us 25 points down today , this would not be happening , '' sanders said in an interview saturday .
just try to avoid peak season , or at least book early , and you will still get a great value holiday .
time is now running out and if leaders can not agree a deal in brussels on feb 19 , a referendum before the summer will be almost impossible .
the last of his three new projects is more personal : a campaign to improve mental health services and prevent suicide .
i think it makes him feel good to be around everyone , too , and to just be in a happy environment over obviously where he was .
and i don ' t think you have to be a politician to tell the truth ... we are in a situation right now in our country that we have never been in before .
it is about better understanding how and why we use tech devices in the ways that we do , and how we might use them better .
these stations have been in the pipeline for years so it ' s not as if this is some late breaking emergency change .
i will support them all the way whatever they want to do but i don ' t see myself doing that right now .
we are keen to speak to anyone who saw what happened or can give us information which will help with our investigation ?
jackson was released by the chicago cubs in august in the third year of his deal , and his former team will pay the remaining portion of his $ 13 million salary .
just because a company is listed in the uk and has its headquarters here , doesn ' t necessarily mean it does business in britain .
and i believe that , at some point over the final year , we ' ll see obama truly lose his cool -- or at least be a much more in - your - face obama .
mary ' s center , a non - emergency health facility with six locations in the region , was closed saturday .
for the rest of the passengers , bound for a caribbean holiday , the delay is hardly so crucial and they can afford to laugh it off .
what the campaign video shows is that if he ever got his hands on the power of government again , he would do the same thing again , maybe next time to your family .
while a judge had ordered the department to release all of the emails by the end of january , lawyers for the department said this week that they would miss the deadline and requested another month .
in other words , there is still a wide difference of opinion across racial lines about where the country stands and what , if anything , needs to be done about racial equality in the united states .
`` andy , you should be in bed , i don ' t know why you ' re here taking photos , '' he said .
we had believed we could put it back to what it had originally been for - so that people could find people - and we did that pretty quickly , but so many of the details of people registered were out of date .
in new york in december , the saudi and iranian foreign ministers sat directly across from each other for several hours at a high - level meeting led by the united states and russia .
to prove that the school environment itself has been causing boys to fall behind , the economists compared brothers and sisters who went to the same school .
`` it ' s lucky we ' re in january and there ' s not too many people around , '' he said .
there ' s a lot of guys playing well and i ' m just proud to be a part of that and proud to be a part of the mix of those top guys right now and i want to continue to do that .
meanwhile , his team opened discussions with six chinese firms about co - producing the film and sharing its costs .
but i know we are not far away and personally i ' m still thinking that the victory will come soon and that will change the mood of the changing room as well .
when prompted they added : `` the government takes the tax and that ' s what makes the world go round .
it is believed to be only the second deadly outbreak of the virus in australia since 2008 and the first time the virus has appeared in a far northern public health facility .
when it became clear that his team was out of the running , he felt a small sense of relief .
you are especially good at finding practical solutions to emotional problems , so jump right in and sort others `` lives out for them .
china ' s fear is that without oil , the north korean regime could collapse , putting south korea , and its american ally , on the chinese border .
there ' s great strength in the club , the deals that they ' ve done has given a really stable base and everyone is working hard to bring back the success years .
while the `` spirit of january `` prompted politicians of all sides to paper over differences for a while , the nov .
and critics of the effort say that all the program does is hide the country ' s huge addiction problem safely out of sight behind this camp ' s 10 - foot - high walls .
a leaked photo appears to reveal apple ' s next not - so - big thing : a smaller iphone with the worst name ever .
she added : `` what has surprised us all is that this change in attitude is so fast , and so uniform across the country .
then he started giving national interviews about how to tell if someone is your real friend or is just using you .
as long as i get a fair crack when i am playing well , am fit and am on form that i am back in the shop window .
obama suggested that given that his family lives in chicago - a city that has experienced over four dozen shootings over the past week alone , according to cnn - their perspective on guns was naturally different than someone who lives in a rural area .
in particular , they pointed to a sanders statement suggesting that iran should send more troops to syria and join in a military coalition with saudi arabia .
by all the laws of traditional politics , iowa should be an easy gain for his closest rival ted cruz , who is only a few percentage points behind in polls .
`` this is our brand - new blue door , which i ' m still not sure about , '' he said .
she added that all post offices opened tuesday - except those in federal government buildings , which opened wednesday - and mail is being delivered to 90 percent of the d . c . metro area .
research shows that more things go right in our day than wrong , but we tend to focus on the negative .
a cross - country pipeline would also reduce the transport of crude by rail , which is far less safe .
but that ' s now seven years ago , and we may still be some considerable way from seeing it arrive .
she added that she remains disappointed that the democrats didn ' t partner with fox news for one of their debates .
two of three mental health experts found he was `` a moderate or moderate to high risk `` of causing serious harm .
the extension takes his contract through until after the 2018 - 19 season , according to multiple local media reports .
murray ' s wife kim did not travel to australia for the open , pregnant with the couple ' s first child .
clinton is in a close race in iowa with vermont sen . bernie sanders , who a cnn poll reports leads her 51 percent to 43 percent .
u . s . corporate earnings are likely to have moved into a recession - two quarters of falling profits - in the fourth quarter , led by energy and materials companies .
it was costa ' s fifth goal in five games for chelsea - after scoring three in his previous 14 - and he had been alert from the start as had the rest of the chelsea side .
that ' s why the tourism minister , who i spoke with recently , is very eager to see the truth established with this event .
earlier this week , bill clinton , who has played a more behind - the - scenes role in hillary clinton ' s campaign than he did in 2008 , made his first solo campaign appearances of the year , on his wife ' s behalf .
her and bill made their way to the white house , and don ' t get me wrong , things were running really well .
the core question we should focus on is who is best placed to put that right , the scottish government we elect or a tory one in westminster we never do ?
i can only say they made a terrible situation a little bit better by helping someone out that was really in need , '' he said .
we were surprised to discover that over 95 percent of these stars were in fact hot massive stars , as we ' d predicted .
the committee ' s final report is supposed to list the documents that formed the basis for the 600 figure , allowing people to understand exactly how this number was developed .
it looks like it ' s getting closer to the point where our military leaders will say , you know what , we ' ve got to push him aside .
i ' m not saying that our senior members are making the wrong move , but i think we need to be careful while working with them .
that ' s why this whole thing of him going to live in syria and join isis doesn ' t make any sense .
if people at other financial institutions agree , they ' ll sell the stock , too , and they ' ll bid the price down .
the last three games we ' ve been decent and if we can keep building on that in the run up to the game we ' ll be able to take some momentum in with us .
kelly , 52 , posted 10 - win seasons in his first two years in philadelphia before when the team was 6 - 9 last month .
one email suggests that a day after doctors reported high levels of lead in local children , one of the governor ' s top advisers told him city officials , not state officials , had to `` deal with it , '' the bbc reported .
police there warned residents to avoid crowds and train stations amid fears of a new year ' s eve terror attack in the german city .
that idea , which has been proposed several times in recent years , caused controversy in virginia , one of about 14 states that hold `` open primary `` elections in which voters do not register by party .
before it is used , the state must take comments and testimony from the public , a process that could take up to a year .
but that is not what was intended - it was set up to help people help themselves and to provide a safety net for those who couldn ' t , or who found themselves in temporary difficulties either through illness or unemployment .
this makes access to remote sites difficult , and means that it is hard to re - start facilities once they are shut down , '' he said .
we found that positive advertising can win voters , although only when candidates air more positive ads than their opponent .
mr cameron insisted a british exit from the eu is not `` the right answer `` for the uk but vowed to `` make it work `` if there is a vote to leave .
the scottish government and health campaigners last night backed the findings of the research , but critics questioned whether public funding should go into the scheme .
as a result of the security campaign , numerous activists and members of human rights organizations have gone into hiding in order to avoid arrest .
over the course of this year , we are likely to experience further stress in the oil and gas sectors , and that having a wider impact across scotland .
we all ran out and could see bodies on the floor , but we were too scared to get close in case there was another explosion .
and if she didn ' t know before the decision not to charge was made i would have expected her to get that file back and make sure the decision was a correct one .
that was a new signal that russia had agreed to begin with humanitarian measures , as the opposition has demanded .
now , i ' ve had to tell lots of chinese media to keep calm , please don ' t give her any extra pressure .
`` they want to listen to what they want , when they want , where they want , on the device of their choice , '' he said .
in its report , which was published this morning , the brussels - based body said that the duties would take effect on saturday , and remain in place for at least six months and up to five years .
we ' ve been talking about the project for quite a long time so we had a good idea who would be interested .
the islamic state terror group has this morning released a new propaganda video claiming to show images and last statements of the people who took part in the november paris attacks .
`` each year new waves of impressive clients trust us to solve their business problems and reach their business goals , '' he continued .
there ' s no specific detail on how he would implement his ideas or how much it might cost federal and state governments to implement .
public transportation , including the metro and buses , close this evening and won ' t run again until at least monday .
for people who are into breaking news , it gives live experience of a developing story in a way no other service does .
he reached the d . c . location by early afternoon , when people were just starting to emerge from their homes and asking whether he was going to open .
in february , it became the spot where she said `` yes `` - again - to her 75 - year - old ex - husband .
despite his easy progress so far , however , murray said he felt there was a lot of work to do before his next match .
it hurt him deep down not getting picked for the world cup and this was his chance to come back and prove people wrong .
this can then be sold to the country as a measure likely to reduce immigration , the issue on which the referendum may well turn .
now , there ' s nothing wrong with that - in fact , it ' s a good idea in general - but only as long as you actually , well , have the money to spend .
but if the same people are asked whether they want to leave or remain , with no other option , they back the latter .
but it said times remain tough for the industry and its workers , with more job losses expected in the next few months .
around 6 , 000 people , about half of them civilians according to the united nations , have been killed in fighting and air strikes since the intervention began .
he ' ll also be a strong addition to eddie ' s coaching staff - i ' m sure the kids coming through will pick up a lot from kevin .
the us military ' s current thinking reflects its painful experience in iraq , where iraqi army forces collapsed less than three years after us forces left in 2011 .
german authorities are still letting in thousands of migrants each week , but they have begun blocking a number in the low three figures each day .
indeed , china ' s market was only open for 14 minutes on thursday before it fell the maximum 7 percent it ' s allowed to in a single session .
no doubt he ' ll share them with chancellor angela merkel of germany when the two leaders sit down for lunch in berlin on friday .
centre mark bennett remains just `` 50 - 50 `` to be fit in time to face england , still battling a shoulder problem suffered in glasgow action .
these five facts explain the rise of the global middle class and where it ' s likely to go from here .
two district men were arrested in connection with the fatal shooting of a man during a suspected robbery in fort washington , police announced monday .
in 2014 , disney announced that its first theme park in mainland china , set to open this spring in shanghai , would include `` star wars `` features .
over the next few months , republicans have the opportunity to show strong leadership to the voters , and set this country on a new and better path .
simpson says that by the time one of her clients `` babies is born she ' s been visiting with that client for months .
there is a high level of police and security forces at their school , it might even be safer than being at home .
`` how many hands it may have passed through in the last couple of years , we have no way of knowing , '' he added .
sometimes he ' s off somewhere and i sit here in my office thinking , like , when is he going to come in ?
when at last she gave birth to the boy she had always wanted , she decided it was time to take her family to safety .
u . s . economic data on friday is expected to show that existing home sales rose nearly 9 per cent in december compared with a 10 . 5 percent fall in november .
the move comes amid a national movement demanding criminal justice reform , which was sparked by numerous high - profile police killings in recent years .
the charity has also confirmed that its global average cost to feed a child for a whole school year will remain at just £ 12 . 20 throughout 2016 .
health officials have warned that hospitals will today be under `` additional pressure `` with warnings from senior doctors that a & e departments could come under extra strain .
but i can ' t say i ' ve been waiting all my life for liverpool v manchester united or liverpool v arsenal .
also , we or others could identify safety , side effects or manufacturing problems with our products after they are on the market .
the medical aid group emergency said 15 people had been referred for treatment to the hospital that it runs nearby , and that a 12 - year - old boy had been dead on arrival .
`` they have painted themselves into a corner at westminster by getting involved in english politics but there ' s absolutely no evidence of a problem in scotland , '' he said .
it is not positive for anybody and we , as a club , don ' t want to have anything to do with this .
i ' m not at all disappointed , though ; it was a very fair result the best team won but felt we would have been competitive with them last term .
kerry also said that he expects peace talks between the syrian government and its opponents to start in geneva next week as scheduled .
we also have more control of our squad now and can rest more than we could last year , so it ' s a good decision .
the company said in a statement it aims to create 10 , 000 jobs in china every year through 2019 as it continues to expand in its largest market outside the united states .
if most americans are feeling at least a little better off than they were seven years ago , for many of us that isn ' t saying much .
`` if they want me here , i ' ll be here and give it everything i have , '' o ' neil said .
the soft - touch treatment was well received by members as they closed out their annual three - day policy and strategy session .
the commission has been sitting for around a year and is made up of economists , tax experts and business figures .
it would establish a dedicated market for drugs that don ' t necessarily have large populations to treat , he said .
a conference call for investors and other interested parties is scheduled for the same day at 10 : 00 a . m .
but when the word ' man ' appears as a separate word ... they want that name to be changed , '' the official said .
he added : `` we say her life was taken by this man during a sustained and brutal attack with a knife .
the crucial question is whether the united states economy can continue growing at around its current rate as the fed raises interest rates .
the trend is expected to continue into 2016 , particularly as the us has now begun to raise interest rates .
`` after all these years in this line of work , i am lucky to have made many friends , '' is all that he will give away .
he said that while it ' s not unusual for individual schools to receive bomb threats , he hasn ' t seen so many threats directed to so many school districts at the same time .
but they were always there and more recently i ' ve come to realise just how powerful their influence on my life has been and how lucky i am to still have access to them .
european leaders have a lot on their minds these days : there ' s the ever - growing refugee crisis , the rise of the continent ' s far right and the constant threat of more economic problems in the euro zone .
if there ' s bacteria in the water it ' ll get into their system , and if you eat it you could have trouble .
but if reports are to be believed , the centre of the start - up world could soon be heading for a spectacular fall with warnings that investment looks set to dry up .
the standard was not one per cent in three polls within six weeks of the debate ( the standard we were about to meet ) , but one per cent in three polls at least six weeks before the debate .
in an interview , she said she had watched bill clinton ' s first solo campaign appearance on his wife ' s behalf on television monday .
but better actually to have a debate about what happened in the past and to realise that we have moved on as a country .
she came to the local beat in 2015 after seven years covering war , politics , and corruption across the middle east and north africa .
a ban imposed on all travel on new york city area roads and on long island , except for emergency vehicles , was set to end at 7 a . m . on sunday .
`` every one of us has a constitutional right to protest , to speak our minds , '' texas sen . cruz told reporters in iowa .
but we also need strong leadership from our national government , including safety net programs and policies that promote opportunity .
but cabinet had not made a decision yet about whether to announce the details or make any tax changes in the may budget .
nearly 200 , 000 migrants are expected to arrive in sweden by the end of 2015 - more per head of population than any other eu nation .
`` there ' s just not enough of an economy to support these kinds of activities , '' mr . thompson said .
southern european countries such as greece and italy `` have no who these people are `` who have arrived in boats from across the mediterranean sea , he said .
of course , the party ' s pick could still fail and be defeated by trump , who could capture the nomination , but the fight will have been settled in the primaries rather than at the convention .
such a visa should allow you to stay for 90 days but check that the number of days given at the port of entry matches your intended stay .
`` if we are not able to manage this , it will be a big failure for all of us , '' he said .
first my friends wanted to go to the trump rally just for fun even when they don ' t support his ideas .
`` we ' ll see what it all turns into but , man , it ' s par for the course , '' rubio added .
but it is a major trade player and we have to take that into account , '' said one senior eu official .
each sentence we put in is going to cost us a lot of money over the period we are supposed to do it .
among their key demands : a return to local control over the school system , which has been under the control of a series of state emergency managers for the last six years .
in addition , the data may make it look like tim cook was paid $ 15 million less than his colleagues last year .
a cloud is also hanging over the premier ' s planned $ 6 billion sale of the port of melbourne , which is essential if labor is to pay for its level - crossing removal program .
`` they look at me as the leader of this team , and i ' ve got to be that way all year ' round , '' he said of his teammates .
his sister has told media the voice of the militant in the video sounds like her brother although she was not sure it was him .
we ' re getting few reports from readers ; if you go , do let us know what you think .
they ' ve taken six in a row , but in their past four games , they ' ve allowed their opponents to shoot better than 45 per cent from the field .
i had a letter last week from a fan saying as long as we fight for the shirt , that ' s all she asks for .
you have this mix of agents , clubs , players and deadline days and i think it ' s important that from a rangers perspective we get our business done at a level we are comfortable with and if not then step away .
police blame a local affiliate of the islamic state group for the assault that left four militants and four civilians dead .
`` there ' s nothing happening at the moment but that could change in the last few days , '' he added .
that would leave the open with no men ' s final and channel seven with a lot of dead air time .
even then , in some cases , we make four , five , six passes , and we ' re still seeing the ice building back up .
djokovic was rarely challenged , despite being broken twice during the match and serving at just 57 % on first serve .
all that means is that what the fed says matters just as much , if not more , than what it does .
some , such as metro bank , follow the traditional branch - based model of banking , hoping to offer a better service to draw customers in .
that ' s more than they paid in the years before president obama and congress raised taxes on the rich in 2012 , but it ' s still less than clinton and most democratic leaders believe the rich should be paying .
christie said in a statement on monday that he had sent teams to the storm - hit areas to determine whether the damage was severe enough to seek federal assistance , a process that he said could take days .
`` it ' s clear that opportunities are being missed and in some cases treatment is simply not being offered , '' he said .
much has been achieved in the first few years of police scotland but there is still more to be done - and i recognise the importance the public and partners place on the level of service we provide .
aberdeen came on a great run of form and we managed to beat them but saturday is a semi - final , there ' s a lot more at stake and anything can happen .
`` no matter what , no one will ever stop me from making noise , '' the singer wrote on instagram during the holidays .
england , wales , scotland and ireland played seven matches against the big four of new zealand , australia , south africa and argentina , and lost all seven .
i don ' t think we can argue that it ' s important , so why is it so difficult to understand ?
not on this particular subject but he ' s spoken about young players and young players getting out to play football .
`` up to this point i ' ve enjoyed putting myself in different positions - be it management or front office , '' he says .
it will be for the committee to decide if there can be any public interest in continuing this petition when we meet on tuesday january 26 .
the remarks play directly into us concern about china as an emerging power and the white house ' s interest in australia as a key ally in the region .
the conservative leader said he is `` hopeful `` of reaching an agreement with european leaders on a new deal for the uk next month that he can present to voters before they go to the polls .
it represents everything that ' s relevant at each and every moment - to me , there ' s nothing more powerful .
the team will have his pre - game on - field retirement ceremony at 6 : 30 p . m . on saturday , july 30 .
the mother of all goals is the opportunities , the chances , so we have to have them and then you have to use them .
but he indicated he would not take up that argument , saying it should be discussed by the u . n . security council .
i heard the earthquake , i expected some sort of damage , but all we had was some pictures fall , no broken stuff .
i would love to hear from you in 2016 , come to one of our many events or network meetings this year and challenge us to see how we can support your organisation with its long - term success .
the executive also touched on the current status of facebook ' s digital virtual assistant m , which he said was going well .
our shape was excellent , particularly in the first half , and up until they scored we were right in the game .
but they were looking forward to going back to see what destruction he ' s created - george was having a lovely day .
in the last eight years , the player winning the second semi - final on the friday has won the australian open title five times .
`` this goes beyond my campaign , i don ' t know if it ' s good for me or bad for me , i know everyone else seems to be in the witness protection program , '' bush said .
clinton ' s 2016 campaign has been shaped from the start by what happened in iowa eight years ago , when then - sen .
3 ( upi ) -- the islamic state released a video showing what it says is the execution of five men who were working for british intelligence services .
`` i spent a lifetime looking after this place and i love it like i can ' t describe how much i love it , '' he said .
what the potential guest is saying is `` i don ' t value all the hard work , time , money , and thought you have put into what you have to offer .
`` you know why they ' re leaving early - because it ' s such a long drive , '' she said .
`` it ' s a great honour to coach any country but to be offered the opportunity to coach your own is something special indeed , '' gray said yesterday .
there are players at other teams that we ' re looking to speak to but i don ' t think we should ever comment on players at other teams .
once the situation in the priority areas is better known , the project team can determine appropriate follow - up actions .
it seems like he ' s got a lot of controversy behind him whether he ' s a u . s .- born citizen or not and i ' m just out here making a statement .
cuban officials issued no immediate comment on the changes and state media made only brief mention of them in the first hours after the u . s . announcement .
governor kate brown , a democrat , said she had been asked by federal officials to limit her public comments about the protest which began on jan .
if people can see what you ' ve done , then they have more confidence in what you say you want to do in the future .
a spokesman said that the majority of the posts are expected to be lost this year , with the rest to go in 2017 .
right now , christie , who has spent a great deal of time there , appears to have the most momentum of the four .
`` for me , i can ' t get caught up and worried about what other people are thinking , '' james said .
my own view is that a brexit could actually boost the uk economy in the medium and long term if it were accompanied by good , pro - market reforms and if we use the opportunity to become more , rather than less , global .
there then occurred a moment of controversy that would go a long way to ensuring the visitors remained in the hat for the next round .
i got into my high school ' s theatre classes and did as many plays as i could with everyone there .
the central bank cut its interest rate by a quarter of a percentage point last february and again in may , taking the cash rate to a new record low of two per cent .
`` alzheimer ' s society is calling on people to make a positive new year ' s resolution to spend time with people with dementia and help them take part in activities they enjoy to keep connected , '' the group wrote in a press release .
west tweeted back in december that he ' s currently finishing it up , but fans will just have to wait and see .
they may have their heart set on a single - family home or to live in a specific neighborhood , but in a competitive real estate market , their budget may not afford that .
to make matters worse , next season brings the start of a three - year television deal under which the 20 premier league clubs will share £ 2 . 9 billion a season , a rise in income of roughly 58 per cent compared to this year .
i told the players ( saturday ) night that i ' ve probably learned more in the last three years than any stretch in my coaching career .
many members of france ' s jewish community feel that those killed at the supermarket have also been largely forgotten .
whether it ' s big tech firms like apple or small , independent developers , the new rules could make it easier for some to challenge the cable industry - and lower your cable bill .
and these students also often begin long - term relationships with american counterparts that pay off later when they return home and establish themselves in professional fields .
the geneva talks are supposed to include the assad government and a number of syrian opposition groups , though there is no agreement yet on who exactly will be at the table .
the fund forecast on tuesday that the world economy would grow at 3 . 4 per cent in 2016 and 3 . 6 per cent in 2017 , both down 0 . 2 percentage points from the previous estimates made last october .
not this time , and it was not a question of running out of luck but a case of making mistakes that they allowed to hurt them .
`` there are other people around the globe who i am sure could make a similar contribution , '' he added .
wright then invited the man to sit in the front row of the church as he finished the new year ' s eve ceremony .
it ' s already clear that the snp will have its own party campaign in favour of staying in , just as labour already has its own pro - europe campaign led by former cabinet minister alan johnson .
the fact that i am running for president of the united states - you know , i do think about it and , you know , think they ' re very proud .
if your product breaks down after five or six years , the cost of the service call is nearly coming to the cost of the machine , so you ' re paying for it a second time .
`` i could play terrible in the next match - that ' s possible - but i do feel like i started to find my game a little bit more , '' he said .
it was formed last month as part of a saudi - backed effort to get the opposition ready for talks .
but ultimately this is a case of personal responsibility and that ' s where the real change has to come from .
and at this point in the game , i ' m not in the finger - pointing business and rolling people under the bus .
but operators are now hoping for a less `` stop - start `` season than last year - which was hit by strong winds in particular .
its survey found widespread support for reform , with two - thirds of people wanting council tax replaced with a system based on either income or local needs .
`` my understanding is that there may still be americans on the ground in this immediate situation engaging with the enemy in support of afghan forces , '' cook said .
if your rate is $ 17 and they want a better price , give them a zero ... just one ... it doesn ' t cost you anything .
but don ' t expect the broncos to turn their trip to the south bay into a week - long party .
because the best way to respond to this kind of attack is to laugh it on and move on to the issues that matter , to move onto the issues that matter .
we urge gov . christie to sign this legislation to protect new jersey ' s children and young adults and save lives .
`` there ' s no way that every line can still be relevant , in my opinion , '' she said .
the canadian jets continue to participate in air strikes , and it is unclear when canada will remove the planes .
and sorry to tell you , because of the brutal council cuts like most essential council services , funeral costs are rising .
japan is part of the world ' s third - largest economy , but has been struggling in recent months .
his plans also include teaching the assistant to let friends into his home by looking at their faces when they ring the door .
it added that expansion in the fourth quarter of the year picked up to 0 . 5 per cent , from 0 . 4 per cent in the third quarter and following 0 . 5 per cent in the second quarter .
he ' s a three - time champion in stock cars , he ' s a champion from open - wheel ... he ' s won in everything .
it ' s alive , it ' s alive , it ' s alive , it ' s moving , it ' s alive ... in the name of god , now i know what it feels like to be god .
but there ' s a desire out there for an alternative to the two that people by this point have become familiar with and got to know .
for example , if you can save $ 400 a month on top of your minimum payments , don ' t put $ 100 toward one loan and $ 300 to another .
this year does seem to be unique in that , at times , it does feel as though we ' re watching a reality show and not a presidential campaign , and i don ' t ever remember feeling that way .
david cameron hopes to secure a deal on his negotiating points at a summit next month , though the migration issue may take priority then .
once upon a time , there was a super - rich man who wanted to be president of the united states .
what i ' ve realized is that , when you care too much , you ' re not living at your full potential .
the previous king had raised hope among saudi women that they would soon be granted the right to drive , but the subject is no longer publicly discussed .
they may also include people who traveled for legitimate business reasons to iraq or to iran following the july 14 , 2015 nuclear agreement .
on foreign policy , clinton said that sanders ' s statements should raise concerns , particularly his recent statements on iran .
others say that russians have gotten used to a higher standard of living and that they will protest losing it .
in a landmark policy speech , foreign minister bishop will pitch to the us australia ' s importance as a global power in managing tensions in the asian region .
we want to encourage people to enjoy themselves , have fun with their friends and family members but to be safe and responsible .
27 ( upi ) -- the president ' s fiscal year 2017 budget calls for $ 12 billion over the next decade for the summer meal program for low - income children , the white house announced wednesday .
i think that people care less about party if they know they have a candidate who will listen to them and who knows the needs of the district .
he made the comment during an interview with us tv host charlie rose , after describing how disney rejected his plans for future star wars movies .
the first hearing of the inquiry by the scottish parliament ' s infrastructure and capital investment committee follows the bridge being shut for nearly three weeks last month .
a number of his male friends say that they asked , or would have asked , him to be their best man .
we almost beat them at home which shows that it ' s 15 against 15 , even against sides that have got a bigger budget .
it did not give net profit or other details , which will be announced at the end of this month .
he and the three other activists detained on thursday are wanted by police for attempting to protest against alleged corruption in an army - built park .
police said three people were found at the crash site , but earlier said the cause of the tragedy was not known .
they ' ve only agreed to sign them at the end of the season , so it ' s business as usual for me .
we ' ve had nine different proposals that we ' ve made , and all of them were basically rejected by the city .
in that democratic race , we can assume that clinton and sanders will both have a good organization driving to the polls .
there should be more advance poll days , and even an entire week of voting instead of one official election day .
a spokesman for the international development department added : `` the key thing is getting the support to the people who need it in the most effective way .
when you see something like this , from somebody who has it all together , he ' s not crazy .
this whole affair has had a big impact on my home life so i am delighted that the judgment was in my favour .
this is equivalent to 13 days working days - two - and - a - half weeks - and three times the amount of sick leave taken by private sector employees .
i enjoyed every moment today because i am just here for more experience , for who is the woman in this global world .
the thinking went this way : even if bernie sanders wins new hampshire , clinton should be able to rely on african - americans and more moderate southern democrats to show the senator from vermont has little national appeal .
i have repeatedly made it clear that such a scenario would , in my view , lead to strong demands for a second independence referendum .
here , we list 10 things you may not know about the 45 - year - old , who had also been linked with manchester united and chelsea .
the prime minister issued his plea to eu leaders after saying that he was `` battling for britain `` as he arrived in brussels .
stewart ' s comments came a day before he and other u . s . intelligence officials are set to deliver an annual worldwide threat assessment to congress .
the crash was the beginning of the end for the iconic plane , which flew its last flight in 2003 after a massive drop in demand following the crash in 2000 and the september 11 attacks .
the 19 - year - old leads the team with 18 goals and is second with 31 points in 46 games .
pope francis has urged mexico ' s leaders to provide `` true justice `` to citizens hit by drug violence in the country .
only 30 % of middle school teachers and 45 % of high school teachers said that human activity was the main driver of climate change , the researchers found .
she was encouraged by her teachers to take a - levels , and found work in business banking , which she enjoyed .
if former new york city mayor michael bloomberg launched an independent run , however , the poll found that he would hurt sanders more than he would hurt any of the gop presidential candidates .
in order to stop sending £ 350 million to brussels every week and take back control of our trade deals , our economy and our borders we should leave the eu .
but he should never have been taken to court and i don ' t think he should have lost his job either .
it is reported that ministers have agreed not to challenge the prime minister until a final version is on the table .
his message was notably different from foreign secretary philip hammond , who warned voters on sunday that the eu could fall apart if britain votes to leave .
`` i will support the republican nominee no matter who he or she is , '' bush said when asked about trump .
ms bishop said she would ' listen ' to the discussion about what was needed to counter islamic state in libya .
it means his victims are set to recover more than two thirds of their original investment - and they are hoping for more .
his bond was set at $ 500 , 000 and he was ordered not to have contact with the victim or her host family .
on monday night , about 6 : 30 p . m . , cnn reported that ben was not going from iowa to new hampshire or south carolina .
one thing we tell all our members is , register properly and pay your taxes , and things will be fine .
mitchell acknowledged there was nothing the international community could do to stop russia ' s airstrikes , but he insisted there would be consequences .
david cameron says he achieved all his main negotiating aims at what became known as the eu brexit summit in brussels on thursday and friday .
we have evidence for the success of community - based and led programs to improve food supply and cost , promote healthy food options and improve food storage facilities .
but not to be ruled out in the future if i don ' t meet the man of my dreams in ireland !
`` this is something you never ever dream of so i ' m super grateful for it , '' he said .
at the moment i ' m just focused on the process but if i do qualify for rio i will definitely be looking into the medical side of things .
it is believed there were multiple witnesses at the time who may have filmed the incident , and police are appealing for people to come forward .
it is not clear how long the man had to wait , but in the video he stands by the door for only two minutes .
i ' ve been training on my own so just to be back with the girls now feels like i ' m already back in the thick of it .
women are less likely to save into a pension than men , no matter what age they are , statistics reveal .
austria ' s interior minister said wednesday the country would cap the daily number of asylum claims at 80 to slow down the migrant flow at its southern borders .
a federal law enforcement official tells fox news that assets from the fbi ' s kansas city field office are helping in the investigation .
government offices and schools in those two states were closed early , and schools in georgia , south carolina , and florida cancelled their wednesday classes .
for almost five years since then , mr smith , who says he now works for another company , has been fighting for recognition of his employment rights .
unlike some other countries , there are no rules on how early a candidate can start campaigning -- ted cruz officially announced he was running in march 2015 , nearly 20 months before the election .
if i was told that someone outside my door was standing there with a machine gun and was going to shoot me to the ground if i opened the door then i guess i wouldn ' t open the door .
it fell 11 per cent on monday and tuesday , the biggest two - day drop in almost seven years .
when you ' re going through a career - changing moment , there ' s a two - year - old that keeps it real .
`` i used to get picked up , taken there , then they ' d pick me up and take me home , '' he says .
he is the first player in an australian first - class game to be taken off the field under the policy introduced last year .
scientists estimate that there are about 8 . 7 million species of animals on earth - give or take 1 . 3 million .
if you spend £ 20 , 000 a year on your card you can take a partner or friend for free when you use your points to buy a flight .
but a daily mail investigation has discovered these people are , in fact , at real risk of losing pounds of a different kind .
the terror threat in europe is as high as it ' s ever been , a u . s . official told cnn this week .
the team are hoping that the technology could be used one day to improve mood and help them to express their feelings .
on wednesday , it was confirmed one arrest had now been made , with the teenager released on bail , as ongoing investigations continue .
that ' s not really happening across the four nations of the uk but for different reasons in each country .
in a company report last year , 11 percent of drivers said they actually lost money after being their employment with uber .
on the other hand , this gives us an opportunity to look at an object and to connect it in detail with what it actually did , minute by minute , in one of the most historic things humans have ever attempted to do .
if we were not in the eu and were being asked to join , i would expect to be negotiating with someone a bit more substantial .
`` there was nothing to prepare us for this , it was probably worst day of my life , '' she said .
an indian father - of - two became convinced he was pregnant after having gay sex , it has been claimed .
tuesday september 8 : mrs thompson was sent home from hospital with an appointment at an eye clinic the following day .
the fundraising manager at liverpool women ' s hospital said : ' i ' d put in a formal complaint a few months ago and never heard anything back so send them another letter .
the two - time pro bowl running back announced on instagram friday morning that the team informed him this week it will not offer him a contract for next season .
as far as climate research is concerned , malcolm turnbull must ensure that the scientists are not lost to this country .
but as we get more and more sophisticated there could be problems , and so we have to take extra special measures to protect ourselves and our industry to make sure this never happens .
a surprise proposal from germany and turkey , for nato to help tackle the migrant crisis , has been on the agenda of an alliance meeting in brussels .
mexico has high levels of gender violence and authorities in some of the worst affected states have put emergency measures in place to try to tackle it .
`` this is a specific case where the government is asking for access to information , '' he said in the interview .
`` let ' s use the dry heat room and go down that way to the hot pool , '' one character suggests .
even so , the pair - who are subject to a travel ban - are still facing possible life sentences in a terrorism trial which is due to start on 25 march .
the next republican contest is in south carolina later in february , and miller says the bush campaign feels `` very confident about our position `` in the state .
we ' ll try to give players rest where we can and keep them as fresh as we can throughout the period .
mr cameron ' s official spokeswoman said : ' the prime minister has worked closely with michael howard for a number of years and has great respect for him .
i think they spent $ 45 million in the change - over because it was that significant to australian ' s .
when we opened the school in 2008 and i had these students coming to register , 90 % of them could not write their name .
turkey , a candidate to join the european union , is home to the largest syrian refugee population , and the eu has offered a € 3 billion ( $ 4 . 6 billion ) aid package to encourage turkey to keep refugees from heading west .
one of the three protesters who turned themselves in first was holding an american flag as the group went out to meet authorities .
three out of four doctors struck off the medical register in the last two years were trained abroad , new figures have revealed .
i met people from central america who had walked through much of mexico to get to the border with the united states .
it ' s completely different to back home , i think the pace of the ball back home is quite consistent , you can play in front of yourself a bit more .
' the general public has been wonderful - just letting him get on and accepting he ' s someone trying to do a job like anyone else .
but allen was aware of an illegal route used by other prisoners to get back to the uk as quickly as possible .
it ' s hard to appreciate watching on tv or even sitting in the stand how difficult it was out there to play .
we are trying to recognise and identify whether there are still more is fighters or terrorists from is that have slipped in .
by the time the fourth - quarter reporting season is over , american industrial companies in the s & p 500 are expected to have reported an annual decline of 5 . 4 % in earnings and 7 . 3 % in sales .
he is the best ball carrier in wales ' s back row and just as hard as any of the others in defence .
a five - year - old girl whose mother thought she had a cold died just days later of a rare illness .
trump may have an out for some of his claims -- he ' s often added that , while it ' s worked well in other countries like scotland or canada , he didn ' t think it would work as well in the u . s .
the white house ' s 2017 budget recommendations , which will be unveiled next tuesday , include nearly $ 1 . 1 billion to be spent on addiction treatment over the next two years .
the charity says each year about 3 , 800 children and young people are diagnosed with cancer in the uk .
' i ' m in a house - share but i ' m looking to move into a flat with my girlfriend , ' he said .
russia lost one plane and one of its pilots in november when a turkish f - 16 shot the jet down .
three teen brothers are suspected in a drug - related shooting that left two people dead and three wounded at a well - known seattle homeless camp , a crime that comes as the city struggles with a surge of people living on the streets .
in the past five years , i ' ve worked with tens of thousands of pupils and hundreds of teachers up and down the country .
the core of the party is with cruz and may not be with rubio head - to - head against trump , '' johnson wrote .
it is going to support r & d in technologies that would make it possible and may even invest directly in some companies .
there was no evidence people had `` direct personal knowledge `` of his sexual conduct in his dressing room , it added .
i think they should get rid of this all together and ensure the player is educated on racism , especially those at a young age .
now , i ' ve learned that , what makes things work , what gets the economy going , not just in ohio , but in washington -- and it ' s three things .
as a former swedish prime minister and president of the european council , he might just have the required diplomatic skills .
but at the same time , given our collective horror over the crime , once somebody has been accused they stay accused .
you can never replace the life of a human being , but you can place justice in its place in bringing comfort to the victims and confidence in the legal system .
its shares have fallen by almost 39 per cent this year to less than 40 per cent of its balance sheet book value .
and as somebody who voted against the war in iraq , what i believe is we ' ve got to learn the lessons of that war .
and so how can we make sure that he is being able to , to buy property here and to live a nice life , but his name being out ?
' this is something you never ever dream of so i ' m super grateful for it , ' he said .
but when we look at the statistics and the feel of the city and we talk to people who live here , it ' s a different city from 25 years ago .
he ' d have to record 32 series to catch up : that ' s more than three series a year for a decade .
the first wave of infrastructure attacks has already demonstrated the harm that can be done as governments face the reality that the hacking threat is increasingly about more than stolen information .
the canadian - owned firm announced plans on wednesday to cut more than 1 , 000 posts over the next two years .
the current prison population is a near - record 86 , 000 and some advisers fear it could hit 100 , 000 by the end of the decade .
even so , johnson says the very fans he ' s trying to protect may themselves be the best defense against a terror threat .
this is a generous offer to let cabinet ministers break ranks and debate this because it is the biggest issue .
given the fact that saturday night ' s testing was not part of the broadcast , the decision - making process was different to what it will be in round one .
despite the tensions over policies , the debate ended on a warm note , when mrs clinton said the first person she would call would be mr sanders , if she won the nomination .
there might still be a way to go in terms of men speaking openly but we are moving in the right direction .
but a cbs news investigation found one test on the market now that could give patients a false sense of security about their cancer risk .
before i was able to be examined by the doctor , one of the guards met with the doctor on duty in the emergency room , and then i entered a few minutes later .
the deputy followed for several minutes , not wanting to make the traffic stop until more officers arrived , in case this was their suspect .
asked by cnn ' s anderson cooper about that interview , trump simply dismissed it , saying that `` i wasn ' t a politician `` and it was probably the first time he was asked about the subject .
she was taken to the hospital in stable condition , but died on tuesday morning when her health took a turn for the worse .
cameron wants european leaders at the two - day summit starting thursday to boost national decision - making for london , including ways to limit welfare payments to eu workers coming to britain .
if you are being swept away , try keeping your head out and swimming as hard as you can in the direction of the moving snow .
australia used to enjoy trend growth of over 3 per cent a year ; as the reserve bank has pointed out , the country seems to have slipped into a new era of growth below 3 .
where we ' ve been very lucky is we ' ve been able to tap into the experience of our independent school partners who have hundreds of years of experience of getting their children into oxford and cambridge .
the people , standing together , each of us of no less worth than the next , each of us with an equal right to tell our leaders : not in my name .
yet other analysts note that it may be in saudi arabia ' s interests to commit its troops in syria .
but i would say , anderson , that the key foreign policy vote in modern american history was whether or not we should go into iraq .
not everyone has the chance to give their lives over to a political movement , but that ' s why politics is a game for the young .
i made a comment about drinking so much on the long flight over that i started to think i was something i ' m not , '' he explained .
not playing well , still winning , still fighting , still finding a way , playing a little bit better at the end , trying to be the aggressive player on the court .
she lived her life the way she wanted to - in private - surrounded by books and the people who loved her .
and so word reached me that after a decade or so , someone had taken the decision to get us all back together .
we don ' t just have a north - west view - we have a greater overall view of what ' s going on and i think it ' s been very healthy .
according to u . s . defense officials , the pentagon is looking for ways to increase drone flights over libya and other parts of africa to get a better picture of what is going on and to be prepared to conduct operations when needed .
the kent - based company said while uk trading was expected to improve in february and march , sales would still be `` significantly `` behind previous expectations .
and that means making sure that the supplies of parts coming from everywhere in the world are there on time , and at the quality needed .
a lot of black actors have won academy awards before , i don ' t really see that that ' s an issue .
we used to pride ourselves on the fact that we were able to talk prisoners out of self - harm .
we ' ve always known each other through work , so we ' ve always had an ability to put it aside when we were at home .
the prospect of a january break has moved a step closer after it emerged that the fa and premier league are to hold talks on the issue .
he said today that the search was nothing to do with meeting the 15 - year - old and was instead the result of a changing room conversation with his teammates .
the group says that trump ' s policy positions are not conservative , and voters need to know his real record .
clinton said the donations did not mean she was in wall street ' s pocket , and noted that president barack obama had taken donations from wall street during his campaigns .
the report notes that 68 % of 17 - to 34 - year - olds paid the asking price for their vehicles , compared with 42 % of 45 - to 64 - year - olds .
i went to the officer at my school and wrote down his name on a piece of paper and handed it to him .
a teenager charged with operating a fake medical practice in the us state of florida has said he was just trying to help people through alternative medicine .
so the fbi and cameron should calm down : the surveillance - based business model of the web will ensure that the world won ' t go dark on them just yet .
it ' s the only intervention that ' s ever been shown to actually stop people using drugs at the point of consumption .
then i heard a story of two brothers who lived next to each other and didn ' t speak for 40 years .
we are frustrated not to be in the mix for the title - this defeat ended our opportunity - but the players responded well to being written off prior to the game .
`` we ' re getting further from these characters who don ' t know what to do with their lives , '' she says .
she hasn ' t entered the water anywhere in rio for eight years because she ' s afraid of what ' s in it .
men are three times more likely to kill themselves but suicide rates in women in england are at their highest for 10 years .
if daniel will come , or another player on another day , and ask me , then i will talk about it but i have no feeling that daniel is thinking like this so stop thinking about it .
i have nothing but great memories , my mother did everything she could to raise us , to enjoy life and appreciate everything it gives you .
for two weeks in a row we ' ve left a lot of points out there , just due to poor finishing and poor handling at the end .
and it didn ' t take long for the hosts to be spotted out by members of the public , who had their smartphones at the ready to capture the chance meeting .
he was often accompanied by a woman of a similar age but it is not known if that woman was his sister or girlfriend .
they say all four women who say they were assaulted had been arrested on drug - related charges at various times by the officers .
german chancellor angela merkel said she believed david cameron had been given a `` fair compromise `` deal with which he can campaign in britain , for britain to stay in the european union .
he said : `` once this process has run its course , scotland ' s parliament and people have a right to see all the key documents .
`` any time you have the opportunity to play the great game of football , you take advantage of the opportunity , '' wilson said .
joe anderson , the mayor of liverpool , argued that with the uk on track to miss its renewable energy targets for 2020 , action on climate change at the local level was vital .
bashar al - assad has ruled syria since 2000 , when his father passed away following 30 years in charge .
in some countries - such as germany , sweden and ireland - britain is already paying child benefit to families of uk - based workers , even though their own payments are higher than this country ' s .
almost all of the $ 75 billion in revenue it made last year came from advertising , most of it search advertising , where google places ads relevant to what someone is looking for online .
`` you want to tell me about your day , '' he asks , hoping like hell she ' s going to say no .
`` saturday night -- you didn ' t do too good , '' an elderly man told the 44 - year - old senator .
we knew he was hard and fit , a few of them were first - up and a little bit soft so we thought we would take them on a little bit , but i didn ' t want another metre i can tell you .
he said the proposals were some `` something worth fighting for , '' and were good enough that he would back britain joining the eu under these terms , if it was not already a member .
the deputy fired her gun at some point , but it ' s not clear whether she hit the suspect .
`` i didn ' t know what to do with it , but you know , accepting it and accepting that life and health is more important than a game , '' he said .
on the other hand , in the northern part of the city you see cars that cost more than the apartment we live in .
do you have any concern that you might be able to prevent a terrorist attack by breaking in of that phone david some things are hard .
i am speaking out because i want to play some small part in getting people to take notice and acknowledge that a solution needs to be found .
the jury was not told grant had himself become a father in august and was said by his lawyer to be `` very involved `` with the child .
and new figures show the number of migrants to enter europe so far this year is four times that of the same period last year .
that ' s why we are trying to bring in the best experts we can gather for this event , to try to establish what steps to take and what the way forward should be .
on wednesday , his two children , aged six and four , also came down with the illness , and his wife soon followed .
the poll showed sen . cruz of texas leading the new york businessman by two percentage points , 28 - 26 , among republican primary voters .
but tonight here in iowa , the people of this great state have sent a very clear message : after seven years of barack obama , we are not waiting any longer to take our country back .
at some point when you keep asking staff to go above and beyond every day there will be a breaking point .
i haven ' t seen anything about that , but again that ' s something people are going to look at .
on saturday night , the gop field will gather in manchester , new hampshire for the final republican debate before the state ' s first - in - the - nation primary .
he said the police officer had told him that a forced marriage protection order , which would lead to the girl ' s name being placed on a port alert system , was not necessarily enough to prevent her being taken out of the uk .
you offered so much hope to us when you took over as prime minister , with your belief in climate change and apparent desire to do all you could to fix it .
' i just don ' t know what to do any more i feel like we are being held down and ignored , i blame the police for not keeping me safe .
in evidence , she said : ' he explained how he felt he had had enough , he was sick of being stuck in bed .
meanwhile , the australia team medical director said water quality will be more of a threat to the health of athletes and officials at the olympics than zika .
`` some athletes ask me about it and i say it isn ' t as serious as they say , '' she said .
but the temperature distribution wasn ' t any more extreme than we ' ve seen in 2012 or 1998 , for example .
more than 100 search and rescue personnel have joined in the weekend search in poor weather conditions as fears grow for the young doctor ' s safety .
and roughly 80 per cent of that is due to the federal budget and its multi - billion dollar fall in commonwealth revenue .
`` i was going to follow my true desire to be on the other side of the camera , '' she told the news site .
it was such a big thing for me to go away on my own and i was so upset just to be turned away without a second thought .
' the letter also provides details of local services available that parents can contact if they are concerned about their child ' s weight , diet or physical activity levels .
the corporate tax rate is much lower than in the united states , which has one of the highest in the world .
they ' re particularly well - placed to do so , because over the past few years i ' ve put the big decisions i ' ve needed to make to them by email , on at least three occasions .
we should have a lifetime of photo ' s to look forward to looking back on when we are old , but this we don ' t have .
but i had a fairly normal couple of days : i planned my lessons normally and went home at a normal time because i was meeting my mate rob for a run .
but other researchers have suggested that religion came later , once humans were less worried about food and other resources .
and while the government may argue that its use would be limited to this case , there is no way to guarantee such control .
in his letter , baker also writes in september he declined to confirm or deny the existence of any investigation into clinton ' s private email server , but now the fbi has `` acknowledged generally `` a probe has been going on .
i was going out at least once a week after starting university and i was having the time of my life , i never thought something like this could happen to me .
their record this season - both in the league and in europe - is the worst it has been during the period in question .
ford was killed in august 2014 after police say he knocked an officer to the ground and tried to grab his gun .
`` there is a very real possibility that this is something all internal that was contained within the residence , '' he said .
you might imagine that now we have phones , we ' re not going to move around so much - but the opposite is true , it ' s that you know where to go .
it went from one extreme to another and , as the manager , you ' ve got to take responsibility for that .
at wednesday ' s press conference , cruz said trump ' s own past words and actions demonstrate that the ad ' s claims are true .
`` i ' ve always been a working guard but now i can create a team and have something to go to once i finish up , '' he said .
`` i think he did a terrible thing when he went into iraq , '' trump said about the former president .
that ' s in part because it appears no one charged with such a crime has ever taken their case to a jury -- until now .
france and belgium have called for a europe - wide effort in the fight against islamist extremists and for more cooperation between eu member states .
unfortunately there are desperate couples wanting to have babies and prepared to do anything and there are these organisations which will push back the limits of the law .
last month , companies shed education , transportation and temporary workers but stepped up hiring in manufacturing , retail and food services .
for her husband , bill clinton , a strong second place showing in the 1992 primary turned him into `` the comeback kid , '' and set him on a path to the democratic nomination and the presidency .
if the pair decided to back brexit , it would deal a major blow to the prime minister ' s hopes of keeping britain in the eu .
there is intense speculation that the vote - potentially a turning - point in british history - could be held on 23 june .
`` i did it because i saw someone had done a video from london using all london scenes with the same idea behind it and i thought , i could do that , '' she said .
i realised that so many captured jose suffering , but i didn ' t want to just show him in that light .
a lot of media outlets have reported that he doesn ' t make nearly as much money as he says he does .
it ' s a huge honour and , once they asked me , i put my hand up straight away .
he was convicted of one count of rape and sentenced to six years `` detention in a young offenders institution .
he says four - bedroom homes are also popular , but many can ' t afford them since the more modern ones start at about $ 2 million .
five men from england have been charged with involvement in serious organised crime after a cash machine was stolen in a raid in a scottish town .
and he was a highly regarded governor of florida - someone who had a solid record of achievement during his period in office .
i don ' t know whether or not his murder was ordered by the russian president or anyone in the kremlin .
i was meant to be on a night shift but no - one got a message to say don ' t turn up .
he returned to football - that trial at palace , and others around the south of england - but felt broken .
`` there are hundreds of young boys who do not have family , who are on their own , '' he said .
the routine is similar - just as in calais people rush the trains to try to make it to britain , here they aim for the ships .
`` in that film , the man and the part met , '' the author said years later in one of the few interviews she would grant in her life .
health officials warn openly that ' too little , too late ' is being done to target the disease and warn all potential visitors to stay away from brazil .
the investigation - which is still ongoing - was launched in 2014 into what police describe as `` foreign structures `` of is on spanish soil .
i can ' t help but wonder if fewer men would feel the need to have surgery if they talked about things more .
they face france at home then ireland , away , in the final two rounds of this year ' s championship .
that ' s a huge factor , a lot of sports in australia are government funded and the government plays a big role in funding for programs , facilities , paying for the best coaches , '' he said .
we have a simple task : to go and win three games and that ' s what we ' re preparing for .
following the assault , washington said she was pushed out of the car and left for dead , but was eventually found and taken to hospital where she recovered .
and the new greens leadership has indicated that they want to become more mainstream , despite being the true opposition in this country .
christie is among several republican candidates who will have to do well tonight and in the primary to keep their campaign alive .
a senior ally of german chancellor angela merkel said russia had gained the upper hand in syria and the surrounding region through armed force .
i ' m not sure the market is convinced until they see the results of the stress test that the system is solid .
it ' s for that reason that the church has a very very important role which has been failing for most of the last 30 years .
it was hard to manage last week because we lost all the french and english - based players after the start of the week , which left us with 10 or 11 players for the friday and saturday session .
that happened in nevada over the weekend , and will likely happen this week in south carolina , which has a large african - american population .
`` i felt that i can learn about the mainstream society by looking and studying the people who live on the edge of society , '' he says .
with the arts sector , we will continue to work with the welsh government and our external partners to promote and celebrate cardiff as a great place for the arts .
the council had never given a dog direct payments before , but it made sense to me now ted was responsible for my care 24 hours a day .
they tell us they have been assaulted but their stories rarely add up : there is usually no physical evidence or witnesses or even any details .
they ' ve also beaten oklahoma ( twice ) , west virginia and kentucky , one of this year ' s no .
turkish authorities said the refugees are being provided for on the syrian side , and don ' t see any need to allow them to cross into turkey .
south korea ' s weather agency expects rain or snow in the launch area on monday , thursday , and the following saturday , according to the associated press .
president barack obama wants oil companies to pay a $ 10 fee for every barrel of oil to help fund investments in clean transportation that fight climate change .
but with cuts to social care and limited growth in community nhs care , too often this isn ' t an option .
they don ' t think about the impact on people ' s lives when they take these decisions to cut bus services .
`` ferguson ' s law enforcement practices are shaped by the city ' s focus on revenue rather than by public safety needs , '' the justice department reported .
my little dog escaped last night , i had to get the car out on the road and chase her .
from there , the group had planned to start charging for its bomb warning service - with prices starting at $ 5 for a school , rising to $ 50 for a major ' sporting event .
russia ' s foreign minister said a syrian ceasefire set to start next week is more likely to fail than succeed .
he ' s also not into name dropping , and would love to be his younger self for just one day .
some have vowed to step up their protests after release , to keep drawing attention to the huge role air travel plays in global warming .
the car ' s test driver - who under state law must be in the front seat to grab the wheel when needed - thought the bus would yield and did not have control when the collision happened , according to google ' s report .
but i knew i had the right , so i insisted and they gave me an appointment , but only for april 25 , three months later !
that source of anxiety remains , but has now been pushed slightly into the background by speculation about the health of the big european banks .
`` the essential thing is that we have people and equipment to control the border and do registration where legal crossing should happen , '' he said .
but only 8 % asked all of these questions before hiring their tax professional , while 49 % of taxpayers asked none of these questions .
`` if boris and if others really care about being able to get things done in our world , then the eu is one of the ways in which we get them done , '' he said .
and the first stage of a new project , that hopes to achieve this goal , has just been completed .
`` i ' m not making promises that i can not keep , '' she added , referring to some of sanders ' proposals .
the drug ' s death toll had already doubled in the city from 1 , 000 in 2004 to 2 , 000 in 2011 .
but i discovered that the majority of mothers in my large team at work had also experienced at least one .
officials are in talks with more councils to accept asylum seekers after it emerged some three - quarters had refused .
the best professional advice , and all the medical advice , says that these people , these children in particular , will be damaged by being sent to those places .
the feeling here is that it has not but he will certainly cast a shadow if they continue to lose games .
it takes a very special individual not to read the papers or listen to what people are saying on television .
before , researchers were full of questions they wanted to ask about human health - but had to wait years to find out the answers .
`` we wouldn ' t be taking this on and the players certainly wouldn ' t be taking this on if they didn ' t think they had reasonable prospects , '' he said .
following a series of meeting , they applied for the order on safety grounds , saying the property was a risk to public health .
police say that he may have changed his appearance and left poland - and under no circumstances should be approached .
there are also pilots at most of england ' s screening centres , where the age range invited for screening is being extended to those aged 47 - 49 and 71 - 73 .
she said : ' her operation is on march 4 so therefore she won ' t recover in time for the holiday .
in new york , it ' s usually done on the last monday of january , during the height of winter when those living on the street are most vulnerable .
he noted that in ohio polls , he ' s even beating gov . john kasich , who is also running for president .
that issue is important , but not important enough to these voters : almost half of those who see cruz as most conservative are voting for someone else , either trump or rubio .
it seems unlikely , when looking at a lifetime of exposure , that this would result in major increases in cancer risk .
`` when i first read the character , she was not someone i liked or felt i knew how to do it , '' she says .
one of the people who had been in contact with us - not from the original party - she had to go to hospital , because she ' s pregnant .
`` arsenal away from home was the only time this season we have lost 3 - 0 , '' he said .
`` it can take a day to find , then more to investigate whether it ' s a real issue , '' he told the bbc .
`` we ' re focused on india for now , but plan to eventually set up manufacturing and distribution channels around the world , '' he said , noting that prices will be based on production and distribution costs .
they are all individuals who are well known to us - who have been coming here for many years - and normally we are ahead but this time they ended up ahead .
you ' ve got to turn yourself inside out for the result ... as much as an eight minute climb can hurt , it did .
`` the law is clear that it is organisations handling people ' s personal data that are responsible for keeping that data secure , '' said a spokeswoman .
it did not take long for the states involved in the conflict to blame each other for the destruction of this hospital , which was an apparent targeted assault .
emergency services rushed the 18 - year - old man to hospital with life threatening injuries but he died shortly after .
the volunteers will give blood samples for dna testing , and may wear health tracking devices to gather data on exercise , sleep and other factors .
it ' s hard to find a party to vote for whose policies you agree entirely with , and i wish murray well in finding one .
on a per - share basis , the new york - based company said it had profit of 10 cents .
he finally broke through with a penalty then got six more , all but one a penalty , in the next couple of years .
one off - field issue which has led to speculation that barcelona ' s top stars will leave spain is problems with tax .
that paper reported that the population is expected to experience a further 50 % decline over the next 20 years in west , central and east africa .
the boy was taken to the royal children ' s hospital in central melbourne in a stable condition shortly after .
europe ' s biggest bank said it is among several firms being investigated by u . s . authorities over the hiring of people connected to asian governments .
`` if i bought that team , i wouldn ' t be doing what i ' m doing , '' he said in an interview with the associated press .
it will be a top priority for the next conservative government to restore social and employment legislation to national control .
there will be no impact on this winter and action has already been taken to secure extra capacity for next winter .
`` i feel that the best way for me to continue throughout my life is to find where i can create my best impact , '' he said .
i definitely think he wants that opportunity to have a long - term spell at a club , where he can build a foundation and fix things properly .
italy insisted that its borders must remain wide open - allowing tens of thousands of refugees to flood into the mainland .
`` what i ' m thinking about is winning the title and working everyday to improve the team and that ' s what we ' re going to do , '' he explained .
on the day of the attack , police say barry walked into the restaurant , had a conversation with an employee and then left .
by refusing to hear their asylum claims , london is forcing them to cross the channel illegally when many have legitimate cases , the activists say .
these eight years of my life - and it has been almost eight years - you know , it ' s this constant drive .
the government has not ruled anything in or out and to claim otherwise would be false , '' the spokesman said .
a spokesman also said it took every effort to ensure that asylum seekers were treated with respect and said it would investigate any complaints .
that has put a strain on the vaccine manufacturers , so they ' ve then had a challenge to have enough supply for people who want to purchase it .
`` i told you i would fight corruption and i ' m fighting corruption , regardless of the personal cost to me , '' she said .
that is the entire point of a youth culture - older generations aren ' t meant to get it , '' he added .
a blind man claims a health boss told him ' look at me when i ' m talking to you ' minutes after he explained he couldn ' t see .
clinton ' s problems will only get worse in new hampshire , a proper primary , and where sanders is popular and in the lead .
after several months in hospital , she was taken to a women ' s shelter in victoria street , kings cross .
local authorities in the west german city had in recent weeks urged any victims to come forward and report crimes to the police .
if you strip it down , it is about people and communities being together to experience something and are all focused on what is happening on stage .
i did a community survey on this recently and more than 80 per cent of people agreed that should occur .
he ' s demanded a public , free - at - the - point - of - use healthcare system , similar to the national health service in the uk .
my father used to tell the story of a friend he knew in the 1970s who drove a new car to a party .
the boyfriend i had split up with is now my husband and we ' ve had a second child together .
i found that i had no problem working to uk time , then running the rest of my life by spanish time .
`` i put her away for these highway races last time and it has worked out well , '' robinson said .
' i never thought to tell on her , because i didn ' t realise it was wrong , ' she said .
this has shown us that if you bring an outstanding player with outstanding character , with a high profile , big things will happen on and off the pitch .
we would like to thank the fans , their clubs and football federation australia , who have all worked closely together to achieve this result .
in 2004 and 2006 , seven of the island ' s 12 men faced a total of 55 sex crimes , some dating back 40 years .
it ' s been a great ride for me , and i couldn ' t be more grateful for the memories .
the other three - quarters probably lie too , but they can ' t even tell the truth about that .
i can sort of understand why my parents have hit the roof over my decision to drop out of my a - levels .
`` it meant we were able to do things with it that we really should not be able to do , '' he said .
she later got back with the boyfriend , after her family asked him meet up with her in the hope it might help her get her memory back .
the late night management areas research phase 4 report , commissioned by the city of sydney , details the damage done to the night - time economy .
a scientific analysis of a natural gas leak near los angeles says that it was the biggest in us history .
it also includes an assessment of family income , such as if a parent is on out of work benefits .
a flood - hit cancer patient who feared he would die in a hotel has moved into a new home .
it costs you a billion dollars to lose that election , so you ' re going to have to spend a billion dollars to not become president of the united states .
but there ' s plenty of luck went against us this season , and it ' s about time we carried a bit of luck .
the amount of refugees coming to sweden actively looking for work will be a good thing for the country ' s welfare system .
medical experts do not believe there is a risk if a woman is infected and gets over the virus before she becomes pregnant .
the flow - on effect was felt across the city , increasing the cost of building by as much as 20 or 30 per cent .
mr price said : ' mr hughes sent the victim a [ tweet ] and he didn ' t like it .
but even though he may leave with the support of a united nations working group , he is still likely to be arrested in britain on sex crime charges for alleged crimes in sweden that date back several years .
then he started showing up drunk at her apartment at 3 a . m . saying : ' you haven ' t done enough for me .
her post , which has since been removed , suggested she believed that the two convicted men might be innocent .
the contract lost 49 cents , or 1 . 8 percent , to close at $ 27 . 45 a barrel on wednesday in new york .
he added : ' i have no idea when the end of the super bowl was , not a sports fan , '' he said .
he wants to send troops into syria , and take on bashar al - assad and islamic state at once .
he said : ' in the interest of justice we say he is a british citizen , he is based in this county and has never been to america .
when i dance , i reach beyond myself and feel such joy that i want to pass on this gift to others .
we look like getting quite a bit of reform , just not the type of reform the big end of town was hoping for .
this model held for almost two centuries , through john kennedy , whose place of death marked the beginning of this journey through the south .
we ' re not sure we want to think about what they might look like when they grow out , though .
the council has funded a number of groups representing ethnic and faith minorities to act as a point of contact with the council .
the attack began in the early hours of sunday morning , after everyone had gone to bed , he said .
by having equipment on the ground in europe you can have forces move more quickly to an area that looks like it may be a threat .
campbell said that this authority was granted one year after the coalition became aware of isis ' s presence in afghanistan .
by the time i had got up and looked out of the window there was a huge cloud of dust which came through and over our village .
the three - day hearing is due to begin on 10 february and mrs hunt ' s decision will be delivered on 24 february .
if labor does decide to replace its leader before the election , there is the problem of who would replace him .
they have not beaten wales away since 2010 , another friday night , but until this month they had not defeated ireland anywhere since 2011 .
the victim , who can not be identified but who is referred to as ' jessica ' , said : ' it has been 16 years we have waited for this .
in the short term , the uk remains an attractive destination with low unemployment and robust job growth so there ' s no reason to expect a dramatic change to migration levels .
in the first attack , surveillance video shows a man police say is walker , enter the gas station , leave and come back .
it was crazy - cars were just stopping on the highway and people were getting out of their vehicles to take photos of the plane coming in to land .
she tells guardian australia : `` not once in my career has someone said something , either on the court or off it .
as the years go by , more of the monthly payments go toward the principal , and less toward the interest , so this is another important consideration .
we are at an age where time is running out for us to have children so it deciding where we live in the future will be a difficult decision .
it ' s very disappointing , it ' s not test match cricket at the end of the day but , as we know , everyone just wants to win all the time .
his rival ted cruz was ahead in his home state of texas , while democratic hopeful hillary clinton had leads in all three states over vermont senator bernie sanders .
in two of the reported cases , the infection has been confirmed in women whose only known risk factor was sexual contact with an ill male partner .
mr jones added : `` there is a new momentum in wales - in the performance of our schools , in the numbers of new jobs and in the performance of our nhs .
the harry potter theme song plays , because that ' s just the first thing you think of when you think of smoke , yes ?
`` i was waiting with my patient for an ambulance to transfer him to hospital and although i was keeping him warm it was very cold outside , '' she said .
according to supreme court rules , decisions are not final until the moment they are handed down , noted the associated press .
this is a chance to make a statement after doing so well at the world cup and to help grow the game and women ' s football .
however , foreign secretary philip hammond , who is giving evidence to the european scrutiny committee , expressed confidence that a deal would be struck at the special eu council on 18 and 19 february .
`` i think no matter what they would have almost always been a favourite , no matter how well they went here , '' watson said .
sanders has worked to boost his profile among black voters who make up more than half of the south carolina electorate .
he also taught me that the most important thing to do is to be in total service to people and that ' s what i want to do for football .
it was the early hours of 9 august , just five days after war was declared , and before any british soldiers had even left the country .
it isn ' t that they don ' t care about african americans , it ' s that they don ' t even think about them , unless it is in negative terms .
u . s . sen . bernie sanders meets a 3 - year - old dressed like him at a campaign rally in las vegas on sunday , february 14 .
he briefly mentioned his daughter ' s struggles with addiction , and said he believes the government should `` focus a little bit more on treatment and a little less on punishment `` of individuals convicted on drug - related charges .
we probably don ' t want to go back to the boom times anyway , a time when money had no value .
in recent months , the kurdish counter - terrorism units and their us counterparts have been more than just training partners .
now i feel so much a part of this project and am thinking , if i can do this in here , how much more can i do when i am free ?
this follows two 24 - hour strikes held earlier this year , which caused thousands of operations to be cancelled .
that ' s gotten 15 , 000 kids standing across the country , about 75 % of them in high - poverty schools , she said .
just like that , two of the biggest protests in the country ' s recent history fell flat on their faces .
in a statement , mrs turner said she had asked her husband to teach her to drive and decided to move the car a short way to its parking space .
we ' re trying to explore what options there are to combat them other than increasing the penalties for those who try to fly them in .
the concern was that i ' d been out of education for so long , and that i would struggle with the academic side of it .
i go out every weekend and often on wednesday and thursday nights , mostly to small bars , where you can talk .
we don ' t know what we ' re going to do when the funds dry out - and they will .
while jones said the football team does not have a culture problem , the football coach acknowledged saturday that everyone involved with the program can do better .
if you can understand that and not respond with anger and frustration yourself , you can move towards reducing that anxiety and building trust .
it may make your team better if you ' re a playoff team for this year , but how will it affect you next year ?
to go back one step in an app you used to have to tap a menu button in the top left - hand corner of the screen .
if you ' d rather always see youtube videos in the youtube app instead of on the mobile web , you can do that too .
trump has a good chance of winning in november , according to 77 % of republican voters , while 61 % say rubio has a good chance of winning and 60 % say cruz has a good chance .
i have always enjoyed his company and he is one of those guys always prepared to buy a beer for everyone .
the figures are nearly five times as many as 25 years ago , when over the course of a year just 52 people died in jail .
the service grew and now carries around 50 , 000 passengers a year , with 42 volunteers on its books .
`` we will be able to continue the campaign right until cleveland , '' he said , referring to the republican national convention site .
' these were the county ' s most important roman sites so good communications between them must have been essential , ' he said .
people will be voting on far more important issues : jobs , investment , employment rights , environmental protection , peace , security and international cooperation .
if someone who sits in a certain position where there is a £ 77 ticket next season but can ' t afford it , we have another option for them .
at the town hall , cooper pointed to sanders ' faith when an audience member asked about how the candidate would reach out to religious voters .
some of the most famous moments in presidential history have happened on this campus and this election cycle will be no different .
his final term was meant to end in 2006 , but in 2005 he won a campaign to lift the constitutional term limits .
when asked if he would release his own speeches after saying clinton should make public her remarks to large banks : `` i am very happy to release all of my paid speeches to wall street .
but that can ' t be the plan , to just hope to out - talent golden state with two players .
so in the future , in other circumstances where the opportunity or need for collaboration presents itself , i think [ the us ] wants to be able to point to this as a collaboration that worked .
we live in the country and our customers don ' t normally see it as anything out of the ordinary .
while living with us he had gotten to the stage where he was comfortable around the staff , had a solid group of friends and attended college .
`` that appointment will be far more targeted as those other issues are dealt with - the job will be very different to what it is now , '' said one investor .
it is the first time ever that a majority of women on the stage so you know we ' ll check .
what i didn ' t know , and only discovered in 1996 , was that my father had been born jewish .
it was a free - falling game and it ' s almost like we knew it was going to happen , '' he said .
if we don ' t arrive in the uk , probably i ' ll lose my child , '' he says .
there ' s ships flying into the frame to the left -- that ' s what transportation looks like once we ' re on mars .
`` i would urge you - once again - to admit that your council has got this wrong , '' he wrote .
i trained with some of the german girls today and just being able to train with other girls feels so good .
alexander hamilton was many things - the founder of the bank of new york , the father of the u . s . coast guard , and the first secretary of the treasury , to name a few .
`` we wouldn ' t be up here if it wasn ' t for the people dancing to this song , '' mars said .
the most obvious means of maintaining standards , the so - called states tax , has been pulled out from under them .
that would cost $ 14 trillion over a decade , requiring new taxes on most workers worth 8 . 4 % of their income .
that is at a lower level , but sometimes you have to show it at a higher level and now he has the chance .
he told me there was no point reporting it to police because , if they did come , it would take about an hour .
what is the best approach if we want to , not just respond to violence after it happens , but prevent it before it starts ?
while these studies can sort out potential causes , experts say they need to be confirmed with research that follows people forward .
it takes up almost half the welsh government ' s annual budget , and those who manage and deliver the service are under scrutiny like never before .
paris : the french parliament has approved a three - month extension to emergency powers declared in the wake of the november 13 paris attacks .
by the end of this century , i am absolutely confident that we will have the tools for someone with the means to use this information to change the child they can have through this process .
and what that means is you never know and it ' s both the magic and the mystery of politics -- that you never quite know when which is going to happen even when you think you do , '' he said .
while companies such as apple have a right to design products that protect their customers , they said , that right does not extend beyond the reach of law enforcement .
as the florida senator explained it , trump has about 30 percent support and then the other 70 percent of the republican electorate says ' we ' re not voting for him , ' rubio suggested .
they are the children ' s film characters loved by generations of fans , rich or poor , across the world .
if we can restore them to the levels they ' re used to , i ' ll be more than happy .
the rescue workers quickly supposed that the victim could have been the target of an attack , as he had visible wounds on his body .
however , the deal may still fall through as the ship now needs to find somewhere to stay for the next 12 months .
even though everybody says it ' s such an honour to be nominated , they like the fact that somebody wants it .
if you list your home when there ' s more demand , you ' ll have a better chance of getting the best price possible .
its financial results for the three months ending december 31 , 2015 , showed that net profits and revenue were continuing to rise .
the huge popularity of the show has meant a big boost in both ratings and cultural power for the network .
instead , the benefit payments would be linked to the cost of living in the country where the child lives , under the terms of the draft deal .
rubio emerged from iowa looking as though he was that candidate , with a third - place finish in iowa that was stronger than expected .
the british consumer has never been more informed about that they are eating and the evidence for a sugar tax simply isn ' t there .
since late september , russia has conducted 90 percent of its airstrikes against opposition fighters , some backed by the u . s . , according to defense officials .
mr osborne said today : ' today ' s figures show that while the deficit is falling , there ' s more to do .
it was a case of ' this is the one we like for you ' and then it was up to peter .
and the biggest positive he can take from this game is that his team retain a serious interest in this competition in a month that also sees them face manchester city in the league cup final .
we do a poll every night : who ' s seen us before and who ' s seeing us for the first time .
though the company has acknowledged the situation in china is `` challenging , '' it has expressed confidence it could double or ultimately even triple output from the new plant initially set at 150 , 000 vehicles a year .
for sen . marco rubio , holding trump ' s volume down with a strong showing in the suburbs will be key .
but last night at least nine said they never supported the idea of forcing junior doctors to accept new contracts .
one in 25 breast reduction operations carried out last year on the nhs was due to a `` primary or secondary diagnosis of obesity , '' according to official statistics .
they will also be expected to cover their own accommodation costs and travel - bringing the total to around £ 130 .
several children were thought to be among at least 50 people killed in the strike which was condemned by the united nations .
many of the families who seek help say they have run out of money and we are their only source of food .
this data represents the volume of conversation around the 2016 presidential candidates by people on facebook in iowa over the last seven days , from jan .
he was from a very army family and i knew that i was the `` right `` sort of girl for him so i played it very cool , which he wasn ' t used to .
it was the first time in a - league history that that many goals had been scored in an opening half .
this is the first major case that requires the two sides to present their arguments in court , so it could ultimately affect millions of smartphone users .
' we are aware of the concerns and are monitoring industry research as well as conducting our own , ' a spokesman said .
when paul joined us last year we worked with him to develop a plan for the club which we asked him to embrace .
`` after several stops meeting with new hampshire voters , supporters and media today , dr . carson will be en route to south carolina to continue his campaign for faith , integrity and common sense leadership , '' the campaign said in a statement tuesday afternoon .
they hope to put her on show but admitted she is too long and heavy for any of their current display cases .
`` i don ' t think that ( they ) were on full speed , but looking at what has happened , they have been not very slow , let ' s say it that way , '' he said .
these are essentially £ 10 , 000 bonds , and might indeed ( or might not ) be a good investment .
if people want to leave after 77 minutes that is disappointing but it shouldn ' t be because they feel the prices are wrong as there is something for everyone in there .
the refugees have been fleeing an offensive by the syrian army , backed by russian air strikes , on rebel - held areas near the northern city of aleppo .
12 , 000 additional humanitarian program places had been made available for people displaced by conflict in syria and iraq , '' the spokeswoman said .
on the one hand is the right of a woman to choose what to do with her body , which is a real right .
our priority as it ' s always been ( is ) to do whatever we can to be part of the process , the investigation process that ' s ongoing .
trump has not yet responded on twitter or to a cnn request to either one of the pop stars ' comments .
we talk a lot about helping the refugees and i always totally agreed on that , as i know how terrible the situations they are coming from are .
my walking is still not beautiful but it is a lot better than it was and i can still do stuff that i would never have been able do had i not got back into sport .
former new york city mayor michael bloomberg confirmed for the first time publicly he is considering running for president in 2016 , the financial times reported monday .
but the rapid decline of oil prices - beginning in 2014 and continuing through today - has done more to slow oil producers than it has to attract oil consumers .
in the detailed post , he explained why the code appears long after an update and why it does make sense from a security point of view .
so , she said , the `` big question `` is , will physically active lessons help those children learn , or cause them to fall behind even more ?
when he tries to get in the other guy ' s shoes to start telling me what he thinks the other guys is thinking -- and it doesn ' t lower senator cruz at all to me -- it doesn ' t hold as much water .
the tourist was taken to san francisco general hospital , where he is being treated for life - threatening injuries .
after an event earlier this week , he complained to reporters that his campaign had millions of dollars spent against them .
by 5 : 00 tomorrow morning , it is beginning to wind down except for our coastal regions and far north and east .
north korea has fired a long - range rocket , which critics say is a test of banned missile technology .
they argue that most of the deaths can be blamed on other causes , such as drug use or other factors .
but he added that in his experience `` it does go in a good direction `` when there has been such an agreement between all the heads of state .
he also said all countries `` friendly `` to the uk , such as india , new zealand , china and australia , want it stay in the eu .
it ' s very important , it gets the people from the country into the post office , we get to meet them and that way we get to know who ' s who .
`` if someone is looking at their own life and thinking , `` i would rather write about living the life of somebody who ' s dying , '' something ' s going on there .
the talks , aimed at creating a nationwide ceasefire in syria , broke up amid opposition anger over the brutal russian air campaign over aleppo province .
`` there ' s going to be a lot of teams that will be right up there , more than ever , which is great for the game , '' she said .
warren , however , said it was too soon to know who was responsible for the attack , whether it ' s the syrian regime of president bashar al - assad , a local group or russian forces .
she , it appears , never fully supported her husband ' s decision to end his life - a decision she worried he came to all too quickly .
`` if we can ' t even have a conversation about it , that ' s not a good sign , '' he says .
it ' s not my place to , but i ' m sure i speak for many , when i say we ' ve lost a hero , a voice , a presence , a friend .
most americans who go through middle school and high school will receive some education about climate change in a science class , according to the study .
fire walking is believed to be an ancient practice that was used as an example of mind - body connection at work .
where there ' s this care , women in the uk are getting better care than elsewhere but the majority of women in the uk are not getting access to it .
these players have all earned their opportunity through hard work during pre - season , so i want them to back themselves and their decision making under pressure in a game situation .
`` we have based our business on revenue and fan engagement - everything we do is based on that , '' nelson said .
a spokesperson for air asia told fairfax media the airline hopes the policy will result in more australians travelling to indonesia .
yes , we live in a state where if you walk down the street singing or playing the police will record it in a crime register .
a new round of elections will take place on april 24 , with the elected winner to be installed on may 14 .
but a win is a win , and she wants it to stay that way through the new hampshire contest tuesday and beyond .
it will be several more days before the review is complete and the campaign will consider how to move forward from there .
but it is understood that both companies are due to sign a fresh five - year deal in the coming weeks .
since being posted online , the short video , which is believed to have been taken in spain , has already received more than 200 views and comments .
the government has the chance to turn things around , but only if they commit to plans that can build homes that people on ordinary wages can actually afford to rent or buy .
we are doing all we can to assist the authorities and allow those with rescue experience to do their work .
the chance that donald trump will win the republican presidential nomination has grown dramatically with his victories in early - voting states and his leads in polls of the states that vote over the next three weeks .
in second grade , the family agreed to let daniel legally change his name and at the boy ' s request , his school agreed to go along with the change , even letting daniel use the boy ' s bathroom .
the global health body made its decision after an emergency meeting in geneva to discuss the `` explosive `` nature of the virus .
we will judge whether the code has been broken , but we ' ll only chase those who don ' t slow down at the sign .
i ' m here today to tell you that there is only one candidate running for president who can do that and that is hillary clinton , '' he said .
police say the gang had inside information including details of the cash their targets were carrying and the route they had decided to take from the venue .
i believe she wasn ' t strong enough at the end of her life to make any informed decisions about her work , '' he said .
`` we ' ve had a fair bit of inquiry from local and overseas buyers in the last couple of weeks , '' he says .
john hughes started producing the original figures in the 1960s , but `` nobody got it , '' said his son , richard .
what would you , as president , do to ensure that every american has access to food that is sustainable , safe , healthy , and affordable ?
the royal really got in the school day spirit by sitting with a group of pupils as they got on with their lessons and showed her how they were working things out .
so when sen . marco rubio , r - florida was called , he walked past both men onto the stage .
meanwhile in december it was revealed there are now only two areas of london where you can buy a home for less than £ 300 , 000 .
saudi arabia ' s oil minister says production cuts to boost oil prices won ' t work , and that instead the market should be allowed to work even if that forces some operators out of business .
we ' ve just got to do our thing at training and every opportunity we get we ' ve got to make the most of it , and just be ready for the chance .
it ' s a figure often quoted by government sources but it hasn ' t changed for a year , so it ' s possible that by now the number is higher .
the hope is that the players understand where they need to be at for international rugby and they will continue to do that with their clubs .
she did everything that was asked of her from social services to try and get her children back but it still didn ' t seem to help .
twitter has struggled to attract new users , leading investors to question whether it has the staying power and growth potential of rival social media sites .
but it is a vast improvement from 6 . 2 per cent of sales successful at auction during the same period last year .
it remains unknown how many , if any , potential voters were turned back or chose to go home while still on the road in their vehicles .
i don ' t care what i have to go through as long as i ' m playing professional ball i ' ll give it my all .
the draft is the result of an agreement between the united states and china , north korea ' s main ally .
a survey of economists by bloomberg expects fewer than 200 , 000 jobs to be created for the first time since september .
there ' s a lot of interest on both sides in moving bills that we know we have to get done .
`` i think people will be surprised by the ability to soft land `` or avoid a shock , he said .
a teenager has been arrested in connection with an alleged hit - and - run incident which left a boy in hospital .
instead of riding the wave of new support alone , rubio has been forced to speed up plans for an all - out assault on the billionaire businessman ' s character .
the met office has issued two yellow warnings of ice and a yellow warning of snow that cover most of mainland britain and northern ireland .
i heard about this problem but i ' ve had a lot of things to do in the last few weeks but now i know it is my problem too of course .
we always say we ' ll slow down , but then we get offered all the things we want to do .
only one other government e - petition has passed the 500 , 000 mark - the call for us presidential hopeful donald trump to be banned from the uk .
one says : `` cameron and osborne don ' t care if you ' ve wanted to leave europe all your life .
i ' m almost out of money to buy cat food and video games , so it ' s time to come back to work .
the ultimate goal is a cease - fire , but short term it ' s just to keep them talking .
he will replace bill turnbull who announced in september that , after 15 years , he was leaving the programme .
italy ' s economy might be looking better , but the state of the country ' s banks has cast a shadow over its prospects .
an 18 - year - old man was shot in the right leg and was taken to a hospital in stable condition .
police scotland said a 45 - year - old man had been arrested and was being detained in police custody .
he has always been really good at that , but i think he ' s just gone a step further and everything he is bringing to the club has been really positive .
the picture was released last night as it emerged the german authorities are struggling to process hundreds of thousands of asylum applications , the head of its refugee office admitted yesterday .
with only weeks to go before the academy awards , the race for best picture is wide open as ever .
a spokeswoman for the anti - doping agency said there was not a problem with doping in school sport , but it was important to get the message across to young athletes .
they are 4 1 / 2 games out of the eighth and final playoff spot in the western conference with 25 games remaining .
but to be honest , we got so much out of it ourselves by feeling good about making his day better .
`` if a parent gives the impression that it ' s too hard to prepare meals , then that ' s what their children will believe , '' ms . rose adds .
technology alone will not solve these problems , but these challenges can not be met without robust investments in new technologies .
we agree that arms sales need to stop , but they should never have been allowed in the first place .
in the grand scheme of things , we ' ll take the point but we ' re disappointed we didn ' t get the three .
he said the issue doesn ' t warrant an immediate appeal that would delay the scheduled march 8 preliminary hearing .
for instance , it would let parents share their ' key ' with children - but ban them at certain times .
the south korean defense ministry provided this photo of an object it believes to be part of a north korean rocket on tuesday , february 9 .
it ' s too early to say who carried out the attack ; there was no immediate claim of responsibility .
in an interview with the bbc , the veteran stage actor described his film experience as `` a very intense period of work .
we are six points behind - obviously , it was a crucial game to try to get three points and be on top of the league but there ' s still a long way to go .
because having greater transparency of this tory deal is the only way we can get to the bottom of whether or not taxpayers are getting value for money .
if there is a big sporting event - say the college basketball championship tournament - more beer and hot dogs might be purchased .
`` people look at the story completely different than they might have looked at the story two years ago , '' nelson says of his film .
berlin fears those crossing the border are heading straight for germany , which took in more than a million migrants last year .
the extra money , to be spent between 2016 and 2020 , will go towards job creation and education in the region .
johnson , who has yet to announce publicly which side he will back in the referendum campaign , broke off from a half - term holiday with his family to meet the prime minister following a telephone call on tuesday .
syrian troops have been on the offensive over the past week in the country ' s north under the cover of russian airstrikes .
it comes as foreign secretary philip hammond said the uk still has `` issues `` with a proposed eu reform package .
officials said that 81 migrants had decided to leave for other parts of france since the start of the week , although they stress that nearly 2 , 600 have made the same move since october .
`` if you could bear a fourth date , i ' d like to cook for you , '' edward said .
the british - led bid to break the world land speed record has been put back again , to 2017 .
a 24 - year - old man was trying to enter a common close when two men approached him from behind , threatened him and demanded money .
he told the jury : `` as you will appreciate , this is a highly controversial part of the evidence of the day .
' it ' s odd because they don ' t like any other people and don ' t let anyone else near them yet they seem to have this trust for me .
he said : ' the danger is always that the rules are seen to be different for one side of the argument than the other .
i need to manage it for the first few months but that is one thing i have got out of the last six weeks .
but the relationship was much deeper and more complex , and continued for far longer than has previously been recognised .
`` we are working through options but we won ' t give them any false hope , '' moore said on wednesday night .
little is known about her personal circumstances aside from the fact that she attended university in spain and moved to the uk about 16 years ago .
there are no nationwide statistics on child marriage in the u . s . , but data from a few states suggests it is far from rare .
the u . n . estimates that more than 250 , 000 people have been killed and at 11 million displaced from their homes during the war .
`` i tell you , i am so happy , '' she said , looking up at obama before turning to the first lady .
it got me today so hopefully that ' s out of the way and i can do a little better tomorrow .
the two headed to practice friday knowing they weren ' t going to get that chance , because of the actions of others .
mr hunt will back the idea of an english parliament , and suggest it should be put to a referendum .
u . s . officials initially thought they ' d make arrests quickly and they cast doubt that it was the work of teenagers .
june 3 , 2014 - president bashar al - assad is re - elected receiving 88 . 7 % of the vote in the country ' s first election since civil war broke out in 2011 .
but clinton was prepared for this situation and shot back : `` a vote in 2002 is not a plan to defeat isis .
it looked like he was going so fast i could get in front of him and get a little boost and i just couldn ' t .
this brings the total number of lives lost on victorian roads to 40 , two more than the same time last year .
according to the bbc , crime rates in shanghai have dropped by 30 percent since the city introduced smart surveillance .
not one company has actively implemented a living wage throughout its supply chain , meaning workers were still unable to afford basic expenses such as food , water , shelter and electricity .
more than six out of ten say the new eu deal has not affected the way they will vote in the referendum .
the final decision of what would be worn took place on monday and tuesday and it all comes together essentially thursday and friday .
the pope said he wouldn ' t ' get involved in ' the u . s . election directly , but ' i say only that this man is not christian if he has said things like that .
but the prospect of a republican nominee allowed democrats to raise the notion that republicans have already ruled out considering any nominee , even a member of their own party .
but if at least one of a child ' s two parents ( or a single parent ) works , the child will be doing all right under this measure , even if their wages are not above the poverty line .
with sanctions lifted and western investors beginning to return to iran , there are high hopes for an improvement in daily life .
it shows that between 1994 and 2014 , the average income of the top 20 per cent rose from 4 . 76 times that of the bottom 20 per cent to being 5 . 43 times the income of those on the bottom .
the u . s . women ' s national soccer team held two meetings to discuss the virus with doctors while in texas for its olympic qualifying tournament .
`` i haven ' t heard from any of the special interests to get me to drop out , '' kasich said monday .
i love fashion because it is a way for everyone to express themselves , and when it is done right , your clothing should make you feel special , beautiful , and confident .
but what my work in the senate has been involved is to making sure that veterans in this country get the best quality health care possible , get their benefits when they need them , not wait years and years .
he ' ll need to convince his party that he is a candidate who can beat the democrats in november .
if you ' re the biggest pop star on the planet , you ' re not going to please all the people all of the time .
about this , i would ask only whether because crowds are much smaller in new zealand , individual voices stand out more .
that ' s something i put my heart into , and just to lose it overnight , it wasn ' t worth it .
that means the brumbies play six matches against australian teams , five against new zealand opponents and four from south africa .
i never want us to forget that it is the victims of crime who should always be our principal priority .
the fashion retailer has nearly 40 million followers across 20 different social media platforms and openly admits that it has become as much a media content producer as a design company .
an initial pilot study carried out last year , which used the approach to film more than 5 , 100 people watching marketing campaigns on a bbc website , proved a success .
i just had to , from day one , set the record straight of what i was doing there , what my goals were .
eddie ' s put it to us that eighth in the world isn ' t good enough and we know that .
`` it ' s the political class that has tried to convince everybody that they ' re the only ones who can solve our problems , '' he said .
the law means that a gang involved in a fatal attack , who could be standing by encouraging others , can be convicted of murder even if they do not land the fatal blow or kick .
at least two , if not three , other guys on the line make sure nothing don ' t go where it ' s not supposed to go .
two more mps have come out as gay to take the total number in the house of commons to 35 - more than any other parliament in the world .
if we can look to build on last week ' s performance and try to get some momentum heading into rio , that ' s all we can ask from the guys .
the proposals are due to be announced at the end of the month as part of the government ' s childhood obesity strategy .
mr turnbull on friday ruled out accepting new zealand ' s offer to take 150 asylum seekers from australia ' s offshore detention centres .
11 , 2001 terror attacks on new york and washington -- are either considered too great a security threat to transfer out of u . s . custody , or would face trial in criminal or military courts .
it was hoped stores would pass on savings of as much as £ 700 million a year to customers with lower prices .
so far this year , 54 people have died on victoria ' s roads , 10 more than at the same time in 2015 .
that is a rise of 3 % on the same quarter in 2014 and 6 % on the previous quarter , with first time buyers accounting for 2 , 100 of the loans .
trump -- who has taken aim at establishment figures throughout his campaign -- also found himself at odds with the head of the roman catholic church on thursday , when pope francis warned that his talk of building walls to keep out immigrants was hardly christian .
but to the people who are victims , my heart goes out to the victim and those families who have been subject to abuse .
but he added : `` they will make this thing work because they have no choice , there ' s no alternative .
the society also said that 17 additional states were considering legislation that would limit how employers can use credit information .
and i would point out even in florida , his home state , he ' s right now polling in third place , behind both donald and me .
although she did not work for his company , i accept that she did a great deal to make his life easier and to help with his children .
it ' s far easier to find performance when you have a new set of rules , that ' s for sure .
we worked hard to ensure that all concerns regarding the diagnosis of this very rare form of cancer were addressed .
we knew indonesia has a growing population of women and girls , but i would say ( these figures ) are higher than expected , '' she said .
`` i came for some entertainment i guess , '' explained one 19 - year - old student as he waited for trump .
while they do a one - take performance in front of a live studio audience , the show isn ' t broadcast live for technical reasons .
but as this case winds through the courts , its impact must be seen as more than one of fighting terrorism or protecting personal privacy .
some women won ' t have the normal pregnancy symptoms - some feel the baby moving inside them , but some don ' t .
but nothing prepared me for the day after barack obama beat hillary clinton for the democratic party presidential nomination in 2008 .
`` as far as that message , i hope they keep running it and i ' m going to keep saying it because it ' s true , '' rubio said .
they [ the raiders ] fell short last year and hopefully what i can give them this year will help them get where we want to get to .
it is a big shock , she is very well thought of in this area and well - known , she is a local girl .
about 26 , 000 children are at risk of leaving welsh primary schools unable to read well over the next five years , a campaign group has claimed .
`` following such advice , the government will carefully consider next steps , in consultation with relevant parties , '' she said .
the warnings , which covered large parts of both states , were expected to be in effect through wednesday afternoon .
the government scheme launched in june 2013 , and the first group of teachers completed their two - year training in december last year .
the news about the episode comes at a time when broadcast networks are struggling to find ways to retain live audiences .
in the past few days , the syrian army backed by russian air power has made a series of gains in aleppo province .
' it is becoming more common - the u . s . , japan , australia , everywhere , ' says professor taylor - robinson .
even if i turned it off for a break from the conversations , i knew as soon as it powered back on there would be an hour or more of secretary work waiting for me .
he is business - like and has an air of easy command , which normally serves him well when dealing with foreign leaders .
it took the police a little while , but once they realised what was going on , they ' ve been fantastic .
so it ' s good that corbyn is saying that labour will campaign for a yes regardless of cameron ' s package , whatever it turns out to be , the agreed position with the shadow cabinet and most labour mps .
a bill that allows children of all ages to handle guns , passed through iowa ' s house of representatives on tuesday .
we can go from a situation where there is hardly any control to a situation where you can see where people are in europe .
so i tell him if he wants to say all of these terrible things , to come and say them to my face .
the welsh government will continue to work with the nhs in wales to reduce the number of people who spend more than 12 hours in a & e departments .
' this exercise is carried out on average approximately 1 . 5 times a week and is limited to less than 10 minutes each time , ' he told the judge .
i ' m a fairly fit person and its knocked me for six , i can only imagine older people how they ' d feel if they ' d been hit with it .
to prevent others from entering , he promises to build a wall along the 2 , 000 - mile us - mexico border .
the thing about cocaine is that it makes people feel good , and some people who lack self - control , or who have emotional difficulties , find it hard to stop because they like that feeling so much .
almost on an everyday basis we are called one of the most terrible threats either to nato as a whole or to europe , or to the united states .
if that ' s a strange statement , consider that the same theatre is about to expand into a much larger venue with three performance spaces .
following a visit to mexico , pope francis criticized the republican front - runner on his desire to build a wall between the united states and mexico to prevent illegal immigration .
they represent over a third of the three and a half million who visited the island in 2015 a rise of 17 percent since 2014 .
`` we say down in south carolina all the time that the best way to tell what a person will do is to look at what he or she has done , '' he said .
the warriors followed up their first championship in 40 years by winning a record 24 straight games to open the season .
`` if you ' re a young black man , you ' re more likely to be in a prison cell than studying at a top university , '' wrote mr cameron , in an article in the sunday times .
also last month , president obama announced new policies for the federal prison system , which is separate from the state prison systems .
the virus is now tied to discussions about abortion and birth control because of its potential impact on pregnant women and babies .
it ' s not going to be pretty every minute we ' re out there , it ' s not going to be perfect , we ' re not going to blow everybody out .
it took months just to prepare for the shot , and then it took an extra three or four months just to shoot it .
a source close to the campaign told cnn that they expect the former first lady to do some campaign events on thursday and friday .
`` the more education you get , the better your plan , the more clear your goals , and more likely you are to succeed , '' he said .
they suddenly become the favourite in the premier league and it makes our game ( next week ) a big game .
rubio said the gop is the `` party of diversity `` since he and ted cruz are both cuban americans , and noted that ben carson is an african - american on stage .
kasich is one of several republicans running in the `` establishment lane , '' seeking a ticket out of new hampshire to the next states .
this is a 12 - night cruise so we were down around florida very quickly and then to the caribbean !
almost a quarter of british military personnel killed during the uk ' s combat mission in afghanistan died defending the town .
in all , obama ' s budget would increase taxes by $ 2 . 6 trillion over the coming decade , nearly double the $ 1 . 4 trillion in new taxes obama sought and failed to achieve in last year ' s budget .
`` we are hopeful , '' said hughes at his press conference ahead of tuesday ' s trip to manchester united .
so high , in fact , that the attack must not only have been state sponsored , but sponsored by a state with cutting - edge technology in aircraft systems and satellite communications .
in addition , the judges said the terms and conditions contract signed before creating a facebook account does fall under consumer rights law in france .
she had a big smile and her and david looked at each other and it was love at first sight , you could feel the electricity , something went off .
he looks very likely to lose south carolina , and then several delegate - rich states on super tuesday , like texas , virginia and georgia .
what cameron wanted : before the negotiations got serious , cameron wanted to stop all payments of child benefit going to children living outside the uk , whose parents are working in the uk .
more years ago than i care to count , after a soccer match in england , i found myself literally in a corner .
i would have thought that as the order came from the same customer on the same day and from the same range it would be common sense to anyone that they should all go into fewer boxes - instead of all these separate ones .
he ' s an incredible role model for people - i hope he ' s man of the match this weekend playing at six , where he ' s played for us for a number of years .
he was due to make $ 8 . 25 million under the 2016 salary cap and it was highly unlikely the panthers would have paid him that salary .
even if the republican - backed trump attacks don ' t work in the short - term , clinton suggested he ' d be vulnerable as the gop nominee in the fall .
he ' s pulling in record amounts of small - figure contributions and is rapidly building out a national campaign infrastructure .
however , on saturday it was an excited and delighted trainer that declared : `` let ' s go to sydney .
i work in a very small team of four people who work within , but deliberately separate from , a large organisation .
the best you can do is find a partner who ' s `` risk seeking `` - they want to take on the risk because there ' s a chance they ' ll clean up if you ' ve jumped the wrong way .
he says : `` a little smile came up on my face when i heard that he had been struck off but this is not the end for us .
even for a government that appears to be strong from the outside -- china ' s today ; the soviet union ' s a generation ago -- there is a very real risk of sudden crisis .
`` my main goal is to make viewers smile , laugh , and have a fun time when they come across my work , '' he concluded .
trump - no surprise here - was supported by nearly 9 in 10 of the `` tell it like it is `` voters .
science has shown that exposure to certain programs can make a huge impression , especially if you ' ve had limited exposure to a particular group in the past .
if convicted the person behind the attack could be jailed for up to five years and find £ 5 , 000 - if the plane came down and crashed then it would be a life sentence .
business investment fell 2 . 1 % , compared with forecasts for a 0 . 9 % drop in a reuters poll of economists .
we have to travel to ukraine on monday , so i don ' t see any reason why we can ' t play on the saturday .
she then became a single mom and she herself went to jail several times and she ended up spending some time in a crack house .
it ' s about students finding their purpose , to figure out what school will actually do for them in life .
that ' s why we ' ve issued these guidelines now , specifically for male sexual partners of women who are pregnant .
to date the effects have been felt mainly in the primary sector , but the rising demand for places is now starting to affect secondary schools .
the original intention had been to hold a relatively short one - and - a - half - hour inquest only hearing evidence from the police .
the speaker stressed that he and house republicans would continue to craft a policy agenda for the republican presidential candidate to pick up once the primary process was over .
but as with medicine for humans in the u . s . , there are risks attached to this relatively easy money .
austria , which received 90 , 000 asylum requests last year , has set a limit of less than half that number for this year .
the practice meant that the delays was not officially registered which improved the trust ' s performance on the eight - minute target , in clear breach of nhs national rules .
i know they had a tough loss against golden state ( last saturday ) , but i think they ' re playing really good basketball , and i think , obviously , they ' re going to be a huge factor .
greater manchester is only at the start of a long process - and its history and politics are very different to northern ireland ' s .
two steps without running into someone you do and it ' s kind of escape route between this and some of the downtown restaurants this is where all the action is that it is .
' the only good thing is that i ' ve had amazing support and it ' s given me the chance to tell a lot of people how amazing my husband was .
it isn ' t as if it ' s turning around and dying out , it ' s getting worse and worse as the days go by .
and i think these are the kind of questions people will ask themselves : do i think britain is stronger as a member of the eu ?
that ' s an optimistic sign because people generally quit when they have a higher - paying job offer in hand .
even after losing to bernie sanders in the democratic presidential primary in new hampshire on tuesday , clinton is promising to take her fight for the nomination to the rest of the country .
`` we trust the teachers , we trust the staff with our child ' s lives and right now , i think that trust has been broke , '' another parent told the station .
i ' ve seen everything that is bad and had enough concerns over the years that i personally wouldn ' t take the risk , '' he said .
perhaps the biggest plus is that children will get the chance to put their money management skills to the test , especially if you make them responsible for paying the bill .
the team was short - lived , however , because in the very next mission i over - extended our conservative hero .
in real terms , it would reduce the day - to - day spending cuts the scottish government faces by a third - that is , a third of the planned 5 % cut between now and 2019 - 20 .
these pictures are going directly to a parent ' s phone , so at what point is a child not safe ?
`` a lot of the dogs we get from the pound are from happy homes ... they aren ' t aggressive , they don ' t have issues , '' she said .
the research found pupils in the independent sector have an advantage over their peers at all ages , beginning at four .
i want to be on the wing , i want to have that space to run at people and have the opportunity , rather than carrying straight into a [ defensive ] wall .
rubio was not even in nevada on tuesday night , having moved on to the upcoming states of minnesota and michigan .
we are confident that those customers due to travel to the property will experience the excellent levels of quality and standards they would expect from a thomas cook holiday .
`` what we have got to do is wage a political revolution , '' sanders said , as he does often .
when she jumped it took her a little while for her to know she was in the race so we settled further back than anticipated .
until the inquest , we won ' t know what treatment she was getting in prison ; all we know is that she felt she was not being helped .
at that point , cabinet ministers who want to campaign for an exit from the eu will be released from collective responsibility .
the amount of milk , bread , eggs and cheese that goes to waste every day would surprise you , but we ' re all guilty of buying more than we need .
a ministry statement said one of the victims was a teenager - aged between 14 and 16 - and the other was between 30 and 40 years old .
i simply can not see why the remaining 27 member states , recently rejected by the british electorate , should give us a new , improved trade deal as a leaving present .
mr smith was told by his fraud case officer there are at least 10 other similar cases currently being investigated with one victim allegedly losing £ 40 , 000 .
these two offences are alleged to have occurred on `` various occasions `` between 1 august 2013 and the day of the alleged murder .
for the first time in 25 years i won ' t be playing basketball and as sad as it ' s going to be , there ' s relief i can rest the body and move on to other things .
she adds that it has been hard for people to get to know bernie sanders there , noting : `` the media didn ' t cover him from may to december .
her family are raising questions over why a woman who suffered from severe mental health problems was removed from hospital and transferred to prison where , they claim , she was denied treatment for her condition .
on the inflation front manufacturers were less certain that they would be able to raise prices in the year ahead .
two people , a male and a female trapped at different sides of the building , were reported to be talking to rescue workers .
' i was lucky to neither lose my leg nor die , but it ' s had a lasting impact , ' he said .
so these two candidates just need a relatively strong result to go into the big states by the end of the month .
as craig picked up the ball and drove into the box , he was challenged by jack , who appeared to make contact with the ball .
david cameron attacked his own pro - brexit cabinet ministers this morning , accusing them of making ' no effort ' to plan for a post - eu britain .
i started working at the office but after a while i realised there was a problem ; i still have to go home to sleep and eat occasionally .
the chances of it getting out of committee are probably not very good , but i ' m not going to give up on it .
a spokesman for gold coast health declined to provide any further details of the allegations that had been made against the seven staff members .
or number two , just like trump tower , he must have hired a foreign worker to do his own tweets .
she can say that again , but for your product to catch turner ' s eye is a rare achievement no matter your age or gender .
and if it ' s a last - minute thing , i would write her in and we would figure it out .
and then , if i , a size 16 middle - aged woman , can look even half - way decent in any of it , i ' ll eat my words .
apple ceo tim cook said in an interview on wednesday with abc news that the company was prepared to take the case to the supreme court if necessary .
ms sturgeon said the payments began at the end of december and as of last week 35 % had been made .
its unique and extraordinary nature does not allow or help us to better understand the daily life of these people .
donald trump has won a majority of the delegates in the south carolina primary - and he has a chance to take them all .
i think that he heard one side of the story , which is probably by the mexican government , '' trump said thursday on cnn .
there were 41 people in a car going up the mountain and seven in a car near the top of the mountain going down , reports cbs boston .
but that trick is harder to pull off when there are so many e - books out there , he argues .
police responded , and the 25 - year - old woman said she was fine , but they noticed the cut on her arm and a broken glass and took her to a hospital .
although italian gdp has been expanding since the start of 2015 , it is still around 9 % lower than its pre - crisis peak in early 2008 .
donald trump is on a roll , and it ' s not clear what , if anything , can stop him .
however , he accused the prime minister and george osborne of talking down britain after they issued a series of warnings about the threat to the economy if the uk voted to leave the eu .
`` trump as a nominee would do more to destroy the conservative movement and the republican party than hillary clinton would do in four years as president , '' he declared .
i ' ve been very nice -- people say why are you so nice , because he hasn ' t hit me .
' now he can speak just fine , and if you watched him run around you ' d never know anything was wrong with him .
only 11 eu countries imposed prison sentences on wildlife criminals in 2013 - 14 according to an eu staff working document on wildlife crime , seen by the guardian .
he said : ' i really find it amazing that donald believes that he is the one who discovered the issue of illegal immigration .
russia said it targeted 1 , 900 `` terrorist facilities `` last week and that aleppo was a prime focus .
the researchers ' estimates are based on an analysis of 2012 data from the u . s . government and the world health organization .
but with the big winds last week , and other concerns , you have to make sure that this building is safe .
coach eddie jones said after the win over ireland that brown , who scored a try in the second half , had done nothing wrong .
we are very concerned that the public will not understand who will be responsible for what in their local area .
he said he wanted to attract high - value manufacturing and services , and realised that would require massive infrastructure investment and a better business climate .
that expression from somebody , that if you were radical when you are young , you can count on being conservative when you are older - i ' d say i ' m happy that hasn ' t been the case .
i ' m often told that it doesn ' t matter how you vote because `` they `` were all the same , all in it for themselves and nothing ever changed .
he said : `` it ' s a surprise but at the same time , i think it ' s great recognition for what we did 71 years ago .
a north korean rocket launch could be as early as sunday - during the us super bowl , according to south korean and japanese officials .
clinton made a stop in alabama saturday before returning to columbia , south carolina ' s capital , for an evening victory party .
now that it ' s in the state of florida , how far is it going to spread and what does it mean to everybody who isn ' t travelling ?
it thinks it can continue to grow in europe , but its main focus now is america , where it launched in september .
rubio added he ' d win a general election argument over the topic with hillary clinton because , he said , she ' s an `` extremist `` on the issue given her support for abortion even late in a pregnancy .
the pair , who say they ' re more like best friends than mother and daughter , are used to attention from men for their unique looks .
there ' s no one to call , because you are in one of the many areas of the southern u . s . border that has no radio coverage .
' such a rapid defeat would leave nato with a limited number of options , all bad , ' it added , according to yahoo news .
the commander of u . s . forces in afghanistan told congress last fall that between 1 , 000 and 3 , 000 active isis members were in afghanistan .
mr hammond ' s comments come after three days of talks among foreign ministers in munich about prospects for peace in syria .
about half ( 48 percent ) of republican primary voters want a candidate with some political experience , while the other 47 percent would like the next president to be outside the political establishment .
the state department is closing in on its goal to release all of former secretary hillary clinton ' s private emails .
at the same time , he is correct to say that , overall , state schools have also never been better .
her lawyers interviewed the children ' s parents who later gave statements claiming they gave their permission for their children to live with thomson and that they were treated well by her and not illegally detained .
it just feels as though some of that higher risk profile is going to come out over the next three quarters .
however , you shouldn ' t need detailed advice for a public sector pension since you haven ' t many choices to make .
' she didn ' t see him until the very last second and there was nothing she could do to avoid the collision .
you can go see a lot of movies and there ' s not one black woman in there with , like , a real part .
when everything else is falling apart , says a european official , at least the britain talks give us a chance to get something right .
this will allow the business to benefit from a robust recovery of the overall us economy and drive future group revenue growth .
he took off another three months to get stronger , but then announced another back surgery in september , and a third one at the end of october .
`` it felt very strange because everyone around me was so much older ; i was a very young girl at the time , and i felt i had lost my family , '' she said .
those are the things you don ' t get a chance to hear when you ' re competing against each other .
`` i ' m feeling really good at the moment and if all goes to plan , hopefully i do run the ' a ' time , '' nelson said .
he said the package of reforms put forward earlier this week was ' a good basis for negotiations ' over the coming days and weeks .
i think it ' s only a matter of time before people have control over the time and manner in which they die .
prince william has been speaking about the uk ' s relationship with the rest of the world during a speech at the foreign office in london .
but i don ' t think that he is necessarily interested in reality as others experience it or as it ' s determined by the courts .
but the data shows that a large proportion of the homes have been empty for years rather than months , calling into question efforts to ensure existing housing stock does not go to waste .
i mean we kept talking about it all day , that we would just try to cook them for as long as possible .
the work is conducted through the foundation ' s 21 development units spread over five health districts covering a total of 250 villages .
the biggest fear of all of the mainstream politicians is that we all reach a point where we understand how much we have in common and , instead of turning on ourselves , we turn on them .
`` you don ' t think you ' re going to have to come up with 12 years of devastating things happening to one character , '' she continued .
it is there , at cricket ' s top table , that there has to be action if the game is to stop living in the past .
i do want somebody that ' s political because i want to get lots of great legislation that we all want passed that ' s just sitting there for years and years and years .
the stock has fallen 13 per cent in the year - to - date and closed at $ 18 . 65 on wednesday .
the truth is that we just don ' t know where this is going , but we do know that american politics won ' t be the same for a long while .
it was unusual for the world to hear the president of the united states of america recognise that the policy of the past 50 years had failed , a policy that has caused humanitarian harm to our people .
`` we ' re in a society where things last two seconds and change into something else , '' he said .
`` we ' ve still got lots of work to do : more than half of the content on the internet is in english , but only around 20 % of the world ' s population speaks english , '' google said in a july blog post .
i am proud to share this t - shirt as a champion for equal rights , for the progress we have made , and for the hope of continued progress with hillary as president .
in jordan it was so hot that i would think about how nice it would be to be cool , but in newcastle it was at the other extreme .
she told you that adam johnson asked her if she needed money to go to london with and she said he gave her £ 50 .
while there , he read out an open letter to british prime minister david cameron , calling for those children with families in the uk to be allowed to stay with them while their asylum applications are heard .
in any case the nhs has put strict systems in place to make sure we get the best value for money .
the house there at the moment has these views and the property was great when it was built 50 or 60 years ago , but times have changed .
once the man realized police were looking for the victim , he drove with her to a police station , armed with a gun , to tell officers that they were a couple , the prosecutor said .
this means looking at the talent pipeline for female executives and emerging non - executive directors to ensure we create opportunities and the right conditions for women to succeed .
the international space station has been occupied since november 2000 and in that time , more than 200 people from 15 different countries have visited .
`` i think ( the house leadership ) knows what that would do over here , '' one senior senate democratic source told fox .
when we look at the employment statistics , those teachers who have qualified most recently - within the last three to four years - find it most difficult to obtain permanent employment .
meanwhile , auto sales rose to a record level in 2015 , and the production of cars and car parts rose 2 . 8 percent , the most since july .
you and four other men in the car suffered multiple and life changing injuries and will deal with the consequences for many years to come and maybe for life .
they do not , in a legal sense , cause the death , even if that death was predicted as the likely outcome of the visit .
it also said inflation would rise to just 0 . 8 per cent by the end of 2016 , from 0 . 2 per cent today , leaving it well below the two per cent target .
cruz later said that his campaign should have sent a follow - up note once they realized he was not ending his presidential bid .
also remove devices that you recognise but haven ' t used for a long time , especially if you ' ve handed them down to someone else .
a woman ' s choice as to where and how she wants to give birth will determine how that money is spent , giving her a greater say than ever before in her care .
the scientists found there was an average reduction of 20 per cent of dementia cases per decade since the 1970s - which is when the data was first collected .
joe taylor , 15 , was reported to officers by teachers who also discovered he had looked at bbc footage of a march by the english defence league .
this is not the first time the second - term governor has come under fire for comments made about women .
we still want to engage and work with them because brisbane still needs to grow but we need to make sure brisbane is able to grow and it ' s done with more balance .
but then , just as they make a right turn by the junior high school , he says they spot a silver car .
`` the cabinet will this morning discuss the uk ' s new special status in the eu - afterwards i ' ll announce the planned referendum date , '' cameron posted to twitter .
the cost of watching football has become a major talking point yet again , following a protest by liverpool fans last weekend .
but by the time the year was up and we were ready to move back with our mother , we didn ' t want to come back at all .
what media often wants you to do and you ' re asked this question , i ' m sure it ' s the same for secretary clinton , beat her up .
we ' ve had lots of possession , lots of situations , but we need to work the goalkeeper a lot more .
she added : ' if they liked the look of a girl , they would simply write their name on her .
we anticipated we had enough stock to last a couple of weeks but it has just gone in a day and a half .
